A 41-year-old female presented to the emergency department (ED) with four hours of severe sudden-onset left-sided retro-orbital headache. It was associated with blurry vision in her left eye and did not change in intensity. She initially delayed seeking medical evaluation but came to the ED when her symptoms persisted. After the headache had been present for two hours, she noted some altered sensation throughout her right lower extremity but had no complaints of focal weakness. Her medical history was only significant for depression and daily tobacco use. She did not have a history of headaches and there was no trauma.\nThe patient was evaluated by a physician at triage upon initial arrival in the department and was not noted to have any focal deficits. Her initial vital signs were only notable for a blood pressure of 125/95mmHg. She was evaluated by the treating physicians approximately 20 minutes after arrival and noted to have an NIH stroke scale score of three for slight flattening of the left nasolabial fold, drift in the right leg, and altered sensation in the right leg. Sensation was tested by comparing the perception of sharp stimuli between each lower extremity, which was reported to be more dull throughout the right lower extremity compared to the left in a non-dermatomal pattern. The patient underwent an emergent non-contrast computed tomography (CT) of the head followed by CT angiograms of the neck and brain. The on-call neurologist was consulted and noted no focal deficits on exam with an NIH stroke scale of zero approximately 40 minutes after the exam by the emergency physician. Her imaging studies were reviewed and she was found to have bilateral internal carotid artery dissections with pseudoaneurysm formation on the left creating a relative stenosis ().\nAfter discussion with the neurosurgical service, she was started on a heparin drip and admitted to the ICU for monitoring. She underwent cerebral angiography but did not require any intervention at the time, as good flow was seen distal to the dissections and pseudoaneurysm. She was discharged home three days later on an enoxaparin bridge to warfarin.\nShe re-presented to the ED 10 days later with right-sided numbness that developed into aphasia and right-sided weakness. Her initial complaint was tingling on the right side of her face and along the right arm but this progressed into severe aphasia, dysarthria, diminished strength throughout the right upper and lower extremities, and decreased response to painful stimuli on the right side while she was in the ED. She was taken back to the angiography suite and a stent was placed in the left internal carotid artery. She was discharged three days later on aspirin and clopidogrel. A follow-up CT angiogram of the neck performed four weeks later showed a stable right internal carotid artery dissection and patent left-sided carotid stent.