An 87-year-old woman presented to the accident and emergency department after sustaining a fall while on holiday. She complained of pain and reduced range of movement in her left shoulder. Her past medical history included hypertension atrial fibrillation, for which she took aspirin 75 mg once a day. She had previously undergone a thyroidectomy in 2000 for hyperthyroidism. She was otherwise fit and well with no known drug allergies.\nOn examination her left arm was bruised and painful when movements were attempted. Her distal neurovascular status of the affected limb was normal with no deficit detected. Plain film radiographs of her left shoulder demonstrated a minimally displaced and impacted fracture of her proximal humerus (as shown in ). After discussion with the orthopaedic registrar on call she was placed in a collar and cuff and sent home to attend the next available fracture clinic.\nWhen she was reviewed in the following fracture clinic it was noted that she had developed a swelling and erythema on the left side of her neck in the distribution of her external jugular vein (as shown in ). It was also found that the collar and cuff had been applied rather tightly. She was referred to the on call ENT registrar who made a diagnosis of thrombophlebitis of her external jugular vein. Further questioning did not reveal a history of further thrombotic events. The ENT registrar felt the erythema may be developing cellulitis and so started the patient on antibiotics (flucloxacillin 500 mg four times a day for 5 days) and placed her in a better fitting sling. The fracture was deemed suitable for nonsurgical management with regular clinical and radiological follow-up. As she was only on holiday in the region, further follow-up was arranged for two weeks in her local hospital.\nTwo days later, she represented to the accident and emergency department with pain and gross pitting oedema in her left arm. A Doppler scan demonstrated near complete occlusion of the left subclavian and axillary veins consistent with a deep vein thrombosis. She was started on warfarin covered with treatment dose enoxaparin (1 mg/kg once a day) until her INR was therapeutic. As the external jugular vein thrombosis was thought to be triggered by her collar and cuff, the decision was made to anticoagulate the patient for 3 months.\nThe patient made a full recovery and so far has had no further episodes of thrombosis. While this episode of thrombosis did not significantly impede her rehabilitation, it was a potentially life-threatening complication that perhaps could have been diagnosed earlier in her care.