A 19-year-old male with a history of a right tibial stress fracture with intramedullary nail fixation 14 months before presented to the emergency department after jumping into a shallow lake and immediately suffering severe right ankle pain and inability to bear weight. He had had the proximal intramedullary nail screw removed 3 months prior to presentation due to discomfort but reported no other medical problems. On exam, there was significant swelling of the ankle, with global tenderness to palpation. The fibula was noted to be displaced, as palpation of the lateral aspect of the ankle resulted in contact with the tibia, and palpation at the normal region of the peroneal groove revealed the distal fibula. Motion of the ankle was limited in all planes; however, the foot was neurovascularly intact and sensitive to light touch. A 3-view X-ray of the ankle confirmed the dislocation of the fibula posterior to the tibia and posterior dislocation of the talus, while showing the stable intramedullary nail and distal screw with no apparent lucencies (). Additionally, AP and lateral views of the entire tibia and fibula did not reveal any fractures, and the patient did not complain of any discomfort or tenderness to palpation outside of the ankle. Closed reduction was attempted in the emergency department; the talus was relocated, but the fibula was lodged in place and unable to be reduced. Understanding that repeated attempts at closed reduction most likely be unsuccessful and to minimize the risk of articular damage, iatrogenic fracture, or skin breakdown, the decision was made to proceed with open reduction. The patient consented to open reduction and internal fixation of the fibular dislocation and was taken to the operating room the same day. The time that elapsed from injury to operation start was just under 5 hours. From the time the patient had been seen in the emergency department to operation start was under 3 hours. A lateral incision was made, and the fibula was exposed, positioned behind the tibia. At this point, a hemostat was placed between the fibula and tibia and used as a lever to free the fibula. The fibula was reduced in an open fashion but noted to be unstable due to syndesmotic ligament disruption. The fibula was then held in place with a Kirschner wire and fixed by placing two quadricortical screws through the tibia, using radiographic guidance to avoid the previously placed nail and remaining distal screw (). Following this, the syndesmosis was noted to be stable, and the incision was irrigated and closed. At 3 months postoperatively, the fixation continued to remain stable (). The patient underwent removal of the syndesmotic screws 4 months postoperatively, and at 6 months from the initial injury, the patient reported mild pain with activity and had full strength but was limited to approximately 10 degrees of plantar flexion. His AOFAS Ankle-Hindfoot score was noted to be 85.