A 64-year-old female presented to the office with the complaint of a back mass. When asked to identify the location of the mass, she pointed to her right scapular line just below the costal margin. The patient reported that she first noticed this mass approximately one year prior to that visit. While it had not noticeably increased in size over the last year, the mass had recently started to produce dull pain.\nThe patient's past medical history was notable only for gastroesophageal reflux disease, hypercholesterolemia, and an overweight BMI of 29.1. When prompted, she denied any history of back trauma or back surgery. During the patient's physical examination, it was difficult to identify the mass at the location she indicated. After palpation in various positions, the mass was finally identified when she was instructed to stand and flex her back forward. In this position, a mass approximately 5 cm in diameter was palpable several centimeters inferior to the point the patient had indicated. The mass was soft and mobile with a smooth border. It was not found to be reducible. Palpation did not produce any pain during this examination.\nAt the time of this office visit, it was decided that the diagnosis of lipoma was appropriate for the patient's back mass. This decision was based on her physical findings as well as an understanding of the relatively high incidence of lipoma for individuals with this patient's chief complaint. Excision of the suspected lipoma was felt to be indicated as the mass was producing discomfort and was believed to be located such that it could be accessed by a minimally invasive approach. During preoperative examination on the day of the surgery, the patient's lumbar mass was once again challenging to identify. Palpation and marking of the mass prior to the procedure could eventually be achieved by placing the patient on her left side with her legs flexed up toward her chest. Palpation of the lumbar mass did not reveal tenderness and the exam was otherwise normal with no identified contraindications to surgery.\nFollowing induction of anesthesia and draping of the patient, an incision was made at the marked location below the 12th rib. After dissection through the skin and subcutaneous tissue to the muscle, the mass could neither be visualized nor palpated. At this point, it was decided that it may be harmful to the patient to continue exploration without confidence in the location of the mass. Accordingly, the procedure was promptly terminated and the incision was closed and dressed appropriately.\nThe patient was then sent for a CT scan of her abdomen which identified a 5-6 cm right upper lumbar hernia sac containing retroperitoneal fat (). The fascial defect appeared to be 1.6 cm in diameter. There was no kidney or bowel herniating into the sac. Our diagnosis after this imaging study was that of a Grynfeltt-Lesshaft lumbar hernia.\nA new surgery was scheduled for the repair of the patient's hernia. At the start of the procedure, the horizontal skin incision present below the 12th rib from the attempted lipoma resection was opened and dissection was carried out to expose the latissimus dorsi. A plane was then created under this muscle by blunt dissection and the muscle was retracted anterolaterally to reveal herniated retroperitoneal fat protruding through a 1.5 cm diameter defect in the upper lumbar triangle (). After the hernia was detached from the deep side of the transversalis fascia, a 4.3 cm diameter circular polypropylene mesh patch designed for umbilical hernia repairs was placed under the fascia. This was anchored to the deep side of the fascia with interrupted sutures circumferentially placed 2 cm from the edges of the defect. The edges were then approximated and the defect was directly sutured closed over the mesh. At this point, a 4 cm strip of polypropylene mesh was placed over the closed defect and secured to the fascia with interrupted sutures. The latissimus dorsi was then restored to its normal position and closure of the overlying tissues was performed. The patient was discharged the same day. No recurrences of the hernia or complications have been noted on six-month follow-up.