A 54-year-old male presented with masses on his left arm and axilla. The axillar mass was 12 × 7 cm and the mass in the proximal lateral humerus was 6 × 5 cm. His symptoms had started a number of years prior. Before the initiation of these symptoms, he denied having any significant medical problems. He had a history of smoking for 20 years. In his family history, no relevant medical condition and/or history of cancer was identified. He had been referred to a surgerical clinic three years prior in which he had a biopsy of the tumor reported as mucinous adenocarcinoma. It appears that he had been evaluated only for possible intestinal primaries at that time and having failed to identify the primary, had been sent to receive radiotherapy of unclear dosage. After the recurrence of his tumor, he was referred to the medical oncology department at our hospital with a mass in the left thoracic region and another in the left humerus, visible on X-rays (). His examination revealed a mass in his left breast besides the aforementioned ones. His biopsy materials were reevaluated in our pathology department and confirmed to be metastatic adenocarcinoma. The report also indicated that the mass might be breast originated, raising the suspicion towards a possible breast primary. He was then given neoadjuvant chemotherapy consisting of docetaxel and capecitabine for six cycles following the decision of our tumor council.\nAn magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) scan was obtained following the cessation of his chemotherapy revealing a 140 × 100 × 90 mm lobulated mass in the proximal epiphyses, metaphysis and diaphysis of the left humerus, which was destructing the cortices on multiple sides with a large soft tissue component, and invading and protruding out of the skin ().\nAnother mass, 123 × 54 × 74 mm in size, was located in the axillary region adjacent to the thoracic wall infiltrating the skin, surrounded by multiple nodular masses of different sizes. These masses also invaded the brachial plexus and the vessels. There were other masses also in his pectoral muscle, as well as in his scapular muscles. Medullar intensity of the scapula appeared to be normal. Computed tomography scans of the chest, abdomen and pelvis and an MRI of the brain failed to demonstrate any other metastasic lesions.\nAt the end of the neoadjuvant chemotherapy protocol, the patient was in intractable pain. He was under a combination analgesic treatment that consisted of ibuprofen (3 × 400 mg), tramadol (4 × 50 mg) and pethidine (1 × 75 mg). His pain scales (out of 10) were 8 to 9 in the mornings and 9 to 10 at night, severe enough to awaken him from his sleep. The status of the patient was discussed amongst the tumor council of our hospital consisting of orthopedic surgeons, radiologists, medical oncologists and radiation oncologists, who decided that amputation would be the best option for the management of the patient's pain and impaired function.\nThe radical nature of the procedure as well as the risks and benefits were discussed with the patient and his family and the patient consented to undergo the operation. The operation was performed by a team of orthopedic, general and plastic-reconstructive surgeons.\nHe was intubated and placed in a right lateral decubitus position. The skin incision was marked in close consultation with the general and plastic surgeons ().\nSkins flap were elevated superiorly to the clavicle, inferiorly to the costal arch, and medially to anterior midline. The lateral border of the skin flaps was latissimus dorsi muscle, inferiorly; and the supero-medial border of the mass, superiorly. Dissection of the pectoralis major muscle was started from the medial side at the origin from the sternum as the insertion was also invaded by the mass. Dissection was then directed to the thoracic wall to excise all the breast tissue, pectoral muscles and the soft tissues, including the periosteum of the ribs without exposing the tumor. The subclavian vessels were ligated and divided. The exposure was continued laterally and posteriorly up to the insertions of rhomboid muscles. Finally, the upper extremity, all together with the mastectomy material, was removed including the scapula, inevitably creating a big tissue defect (). The defect was closed with full thickness skin graft and application of vacuum assisted closure (V.A.C. Therapy, KCI Inc., San Antonio, TX, USA) ().\nThe histopathological observation of the amputation material was then carried out. His biopsy from the excised mass revealed infiltrative ductal carcinoma with negative surgical margins. The specimen consisted of 70 cm of upper extremity and scapula and breast tissue attached to it. Multiple nodules were detected and the biggest nodule was 13 cm in diameter. The axillar region was completely infiltrated with tumor and ulcerated. There was another ulcerated region of 6 × 5 cm in the lateral proximal humeral region. There was another nodule of 0.5 cm in the medial side of the elbow. The tumor was negative for estrogen receptor, c-erbB2 and GCDFP-15, and 1% positive for progesterone receptor. In Fluorescence in situ Hybridization (FISH) studies conducted with DNA probes (REPEAT-FREE POSEIDON FISH DNA Probes, Kreatech Diagnostics, Amsterdam, Netherland) HER-2 gene amplification was not manifested.\nThe patient was monitored in the post anesthesia care unit for a few days until he was stabilized and then transferred to our clinic. In the early post-operative period his pain medication was ibuprofen (3 × 400 mg) and tramadol (2 × 50 mg), with the addition of morphine patient controlled analgesia for the first two days. His pain scales, out of 10, were between 4 to 6 both during the day and at night. He was discharged from the hospital when the wound healed after two weeks (). His outpatient progress was monitored during the first, third, sixth and twelfth weeks post-operatively. In the third and the sixth week controls, the patient reported that he was experiencing reduced levels of pain and had therefore lessened his intake of pain medication; he was only taking ibuprofen (3 × 400 mg). In the control during the twelfth week the patient reported that he was almost entirely pain-free. Unfortunately, a lung metastasis was then discovered at six months. The patient, refusing to receive any further chemotherapy, passed away eleven months after surgery.