A 60-year-old male who had a history of liver cirrhosis was referred for evaluation of a pain, swelling, and erythematous changes of the anterolateral aspect of his left leg. His symptoms started a month ago without any specific trauma. He had a history of open reduction and internal fixation performed for a tibial plateau fracture that occurred when his left knee was pinned under a tree 18 years ago. He had sciatic nerve injury at the time of the fracture. He had an open reduction and internal fixation as well as a stent insertion in the femoral artery 8 years after the initial trauma due to a distal femur fracture and femoral artery rupture. At that time, a widespread radiopaque mass was observed on plain radiographs of left leg, and obstruction of popliteal artery with abundant collateral circulation was observed on angiography. The patient had no difficulty with his daily life functions until the aforementioned symptoms appeared, except for limited motion in the ankle and toes and sensory reduction in his foot owing to the sciatic nerve injury.\nAfter admission, the patient maintained with a long leg splint. Two weeks after the admission, the erythematous changes in the left leg localized to the anterior aspect in the middle of the leg and formed a fluid-filled, erythematous mass. A draining sinus had developed on the erythematous mass spontaneously and a thick fluid with a chalk-like material was discharged through the shiny skin via the sinus. The range of motion of the knee was 0 degrees to 100 degrees of flexion; ankle dorsiflexion was 0 degrees, ankle plantar flexion was 5 degrees, and all of the toes had clawing deformity. As for the motor strength of the ankle, the dorsiflexion was grade 0 and plantar flexion was grade 3. He had no sensation in the first web space and on the medial aspect of the foot, and had sensory reduction in the lateral, dorsal, and plantar aspects of the foot, in order of decreasing sensation.\nThe radiographs of the left leg taken 10 years ago (8 years after the initial trauma) showed a large, fusiform-shaped, radiopaque soft tissue mass in the space between the tibia and fibula that spanned from 5 cm below the proximal tibio-fibular articulation to just above the distal tibio-fibular articulation. The medial cortex of the middle third of the fibula and the posterior cortex of the distal third were sclerotic. Ten years later (18 years after the initial trauma), the patient's radiographs showed a large, fusiform-shaped soft tissue mass with extensive plaque-like and amorphous calcifications, similar to those seen in the radiographs taken 10 years earlier (Fig. ). Furthermore, we observed that calcification within the fusiform mass and in the distal part of the deep posterior compartment had increased in comparison to that seen in the radiographs taken 10 years earlier. The erosion of the medial and posterior parts of the distal two-thirds of the fibula had also increased, and a sclerotic change in the lateral cortex of the middle third of the tibia was newly observed. We performed a computed tomography (CT) scan to examine the pattern and distribution of the calcifications more closely; peripherally distributed calcification was found in the anterior compartment and in the distal part of the deep posterior compartment, and sclerotic changes were found in the tibial and fibular cortex (Fig. ). There was evidence of increased uptake between the tibia and fibula in the delayed bone phase on 3 phases of bone scan, which was determined to be caused by calcification.\nLaboratory investigations revealed that the erythrocyte sedimentation rate (ESR) was 69 mm/h and the C-reactive protein (CRP) level was 5.80 mg/dL with no fever. Serum calcium, phosphorous, and alkaline phosphatase levels were all within the normal limits.\nWe performed an incisional biopsy to differentiated soft tissue sarcoma and no viable, malignant cells were found. A thick fluid with a chalk-like material continued to be discharged through the sinus opening. We performed an extensive debridement of the anterior and deep posterior compartments to ensure definitive treatment. Intraoperative findings showed that the deep fascia was thickened, and that the tibialis anterior, extensor hallucis longus, and extensor digitorum longus muscles had become necrotic and changed into a whitish, toothpaste-like material (Fig. ). Hard calcific materials resembling rice grains were spread within the necrotic muscle. Furthermore, we observed an erosion of the cortex without intramedullary involvement on the lateral tibial surface and medial fibular surface. After an en-block resection of the anterior compartment, we approached the posterior compartment through the interosseous membrane. When we opened the interosseous membrane, the turbid fluid was drained, and we found that the flexor hallucis, flexor digitorum, and tibialis posterior muscles formed a twig-shaped, hard calcification in the direction of the muscle fibers, unlike in the anterior compartment (Fig. ). Upon performing extensive debridement, we inserted a drain tube and performed primary closure. As Pseudomonas aeruginosa was identified in the intraoperative culture, we used antibiotic treatment (piperacillin-tazobactam, intravenously for 6 weeks and then ciprofloxacin, orally for 4 weeks). The fluid continued to be discharged through the drain even after the surgery; delayed wound healing occurred four weeks following the surgery, and there was no recurrence and the patients were satisfied with the result of the operation at follow-up conducted 2 years later (Fig. ).\nPathologic evaluation revealed that the anterior compartment specimen had acute and chronic inflammation with dystrophic calcification, and the posterior compartment specimen had fibrosis with dystrophic calcification; the tibial periosteum had acute and chronic inflammation with dystrophic calcification, and the tibial bone was fibrotic. These findings led to the diagnosis of calcific myonecrosis.