A 39-year-old female patient was referred to our Nephrology Department during late 2009. She was newly diagnosed with SLE after a spontaneous miscarriage during the second trimester of pregnancy. Due to significant proteinuria and microscopic hematuria a kidney biopsy was performed which revealed crescentic focal segmental glomerulonephritis [class III lupus nephritis with crescents according to WHO classification ()]. She was initially managed with a combined therapeutic regimen of cyclophosphamide, corticosteroids and azathioprine which was modified due to poor response, to mycophenolic acid with the addition of rituximab. However, despite the absence of extra-renal manifestations of lupus, kidney function gradually deteriorated and patient reached ESKD about 4 years after the initiation of immunosuppression. Peritoneal dialysis was the type of renal replacement therapy that was initiated with the concomitant administration of hydroxychloroquine and low dose methylprednisolone.\nShortly after the induction of peritoneal dialysis, the patient presented with fever for the first time. All possible infectious causes were investigated including peritonitis, catheter related infection and a lupus flair, nevertheless no definite diagnosis was reached, and she was managed with empiric antibiotic treatment that led to full recovery. During the next 12 months she had 3 more hospitalizations with fever as main cause of admission and all workups were inconclusive except her last admission when high CMV viral load with 157.000 copies/mL was found. Further investigation revealed remarkably low serum immunoglobulin levels and five pulses of intravenous immunoglobulin were administered. In this direction, supplementary investigation for hypoglobulinemia was performed with repetitive measurement of immunoglobulin levels after a symptom free period which confirmed earlier findings with low IgA, IgG and IgE levels but slightly elevated IgM levels (). Then on, patient had no major complications apart from two to three episodes of upper respiratory infections and acute tonsilitis each year. Evaluating both clinical course and laboratory findings the monthly administration of intravenous immunoglobulin was initiated as acquired immunodeficiency was the most likely cause. The regimen was well tolerated.\nIn June 2020, the patient received a cadaveric kidney transplant. The compatibility analysis revealed two shared HLA class I antigens and the donor was CMV IgG positive. Immunosuppression regimen included basiliximab 25 mg on day 0 and 4, mycophenolic acid 540 mg twice daily, tacrolimus with trough levels of 8 ng/ml directly post-operatively and methylprednisolone as well as prophylactic treatment with trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole and valganciclovir. There was direct allograft function postoperatively and no need for renal replacement therapy. The only remarkable manifestation post-transplant was a lymphocele that was surgically managed with a peritoneal window drainage.\nTreatment with IVIG was continued seamlessly and a change in immunoglobulin profile was noticed (). In more detail, IgG CMV antibodies that were absent even after the resolution of her former CMV infection were detected. Of note, our patient had also failed to acquire immunity for hepatitis B after vaccination, but HBV surface antibodies were now present. Peripheral blood immunophenotyping with flow cytometry appointed an almost absent CD20+ lymphocytes count (0.11%, 2 cells/μl).