A 22-year-old intoxicated male without any medical comorbidity was involved in a motor vehicle accident when he lost control of his automobile in a residential area and ultimately collided into a house. The patient was unrestrained and did not lose consciousness in the accident. Emergency medical personnel at the scene did report the deployment of the airbags with the patient displaying a Glasgow Coma Scale score of 15. He was emergently brought to the trauma center in stable condition. His primary survey revealed diminished breath sounds over his right hemithorax in conjunction with an increased respiratory rate. On further examination, he did appear to have crepitus over his right clavicle and gross deformity in his right thigh. Neurologic and vascular examinations of his extremities were normal.\nRadiographic analysis of his chest revealed a right proximal third clavicle fracture with inferior displacement complicated by a partial pneumothorax (). He had also sustained a displaced femoral shaft fracture. A chest thoracostomy tube was inserted emergently into the right pleural cavity and placed under suction to inflate the lung. Further radiographic studies including computerized tomography images confirmed that the fractured clavicle had penetrated the pleural cavity and caused a partial lung collapse (). The patient was initially placed in a sling for the clavicle fracture to allow access to the thoracostomy site. The patient underwent intramedullary nailing of his femur with a centromedullary device without complication the day of his injury. Due to the magnitude of displacement of the clavicle fracture, it was thought that achieving union with nonoperative modalities would be problematic. Pulmonary alveolar tissue seemed to be interposed in the fracture site further complicating the probability of union as well pneumothorax resolution with conservative treatment. The patient was counseled regarding both the orthopedic and cardiopulmonary risks of the surgery. If a closed reduction was unsuccessful, he was informed that an open reduction would be indicated. He understood the possible complications and wished to proceed. 2 days after stabilization of his femur fracture, the patient had an open reduction with internal fixation of his right clavicle.\nThe patient was positioned supine on a radiolucent table. After multiple unsuccessful attempts at closed reduction, a traditional anterior approach was employed to gain access to the fracture (). Once the fracture was exposed and the chest tube under suction, a pointed reduction clamp was used to retract the lateral fragment from the pleural cavity (). There was noted to be some comminution at the fracture site. A general trauma surgeon was available in the operating room in case of any cardiopulmonary compromise. The patient’s vital signs and oxygenation remained stable throughout the operative procedure. After debridement of the fracture ends, the fracture was reduced and provisionally fixed with a bone holding reduction clamp. A six-hole locking 3.5 mm dynamic compression plate was affixed to the clavicle with hybrid screw technique to achieve stable fixation ().\nOn the 2nd post-operative day, his chest thoracostomy tube was removed without incident. The patient was discharged from the hospital on the 3rd postoperative day. At 6-month follow-up, the patient did not complain of pulmonary symptoms. His wounds were well healed and he had regained full active range of motion of his shoulder. Repeat radiographs showed no residual pneumothorax and a healed clavicle fracture ().