A 56 year old man had transient loss of consciousness while driving. His wife pulled over and, in A& E, he was found to have a large superior mediastinal shadow, extending into neck, on chest X-ray (Figure ). CT scan revealed a 7 cm × 11 cm saccular aneurysm arising from the distal aortic arch between the origins of the left common carotid and left subclavian arteries, with cephalic ectopy. Transthoracic echocardiogram demonstrated large saccular aneurysm of the distal aortic arch with turbulent flow at the left subclavian artery. MR scan confirmed the presence of a large distal aortic arch aneurysm arising from the aortic arch between the origins of left common carotid and left subclavian arteries with extreme displacement of both vessels, the left common carotid artery being displaced anteriorly and to the right and also stretched and distorted owing to vertical expansion of the aneurysm posterior to it, and the left subclavian artery displaced well down and posteriorly into the left chest with even greater distortion (Figures and ). An aortogram clarified the situation further by showing that the aneurysm involved the arch beyond the origin of the left common carotid artery and that the left subclavian artery had been displaced by the aneurysm posteroinferiorly into the left chest. There was a great tortuosity and redundancy of the aorta between the two vessels and the aorta and aneurysm rose well into the neck. Coronary angiogram was normal.\nAt median sternotomy, the distal arch rose into the neck for a variable distance. There was a 9 cm × 11 cm aortic arch aneurysm arising distal to the left common carotid artery and proximal to the left subclavian artery, extending in both vertical and horizontal directions, with tortuosity and redundancy of the distal arch, causing compression, deviation and distortion of a number of adjacent structures (Figure ). Trachea was severely compressed with deviation to the right and the aneurysm formed a posterior relation of the ascending aorta and displaced it and the left common carotid artery anteriorly. The left pulmonary artery and the main pulmonary trunk were displaced posteriorly and inferiorly and the left vagus and the left phrenic nerves were stretched over the entire length of the aneurysm. Ascending aorta and proximal arch were normal sized. The proximal descending aorta was diffusely atheromatous. In order to get a better access to the descending aorta, a T shaped anterolateral extension was made in the 4th space. Cardiopulmonary bypass was instituted with common femoral arterial and right atrial venous cannulations and patient cooled to 14°C. Left ventricle was vented through right superior pulmonary vein. Under lower body deep hypothermic circulatory arrest (LBDHCA) and selective antegrade cerebral perfusion (SACP), the arch aneurysm was excised and a 30 mm VASCUTEK interposition graft used to establish the continuity between the arch distal to the left common carotid artery and the proximal part of the descending aorta (Figure ). The left subclavian artery was ligated and not reimplanted as it was severely atheromatous along its entire length. Selective antegrade cerebral perfusion was achieved through external cannulation of the left common carotid artery by a 10 F MEDTRONIC perfusion cannula using IL/min flow.\nPatient was extubated on first postoperative day and, except for mild hoarseness of voice which improved, made uncomplicated postoperative recovery. Biopsy of aortic tissue showed a picture consistent with arteriosclerosis and he was discharged home on seventh postoperative day. Follow up MR scan 4 months later showed satisfactory repair (Figure ) although he needed thyroplasty with a titanium clip for left vocal cord palsy. He continues to be fully active and asymptomatic 4 years after surgery and his follow up MR scans are normal.