We report the case of a healthy 19-year old male with no significant past medical or surgical history who injured his right foot his right foot in a road traffic accident and reported to our hospital within two hours of the injury. On examination, there was significant swelling of the foot with a 1.5 cm x 1 cm wound on the plantar aspect through which a bony prominence that appeared to be the head of the first metatarsal was visible. Sensation and vascularity of the foot were normal. Radiographs of the injured foot showed dorsal dislocation of the first and second MTP joints with dorsal displacement of the sesamoid complex ().\nAfter thorough irrigation and debridement of the wound under local anesthesia, reduction was attempted within four hours of the injury using longitudinal traction and dorsally directed pressure over head of metatarsal through the wound and simultaneous plantar directed force on base of proximal phalanx in hyperextension as well as neutral position of the MTP joint, but reduction was not achieved. Patient was then investigated further and in the emergency OT under spinal anesthesia around 12 hours after the injury, reduction was again attempted but failed. The plantar wound (approx 2cm x 1.5 cm in size) which was already located in a nearly transverse direction over the 1st and 2nd metatarsal heads was extended 1.5 cm distally and medially for adequate exposure.\nThe head of the first metatarsal was found to be protruding plantarwards through a rent in the plantar fascia with intact collateral ligaments. The lateral collateral ligament was divided, a lever placed dorsal to the proximal phalanx, longitudinal traction and dorsal push was applied to the head of the metatarsal to achieve reduction of the 1st MTP joint. The sesamoid complex followed the proximal phalanx but the 2nd MTP joint remained unreduced after an attempt at closed reduction. A lever was applied dorsal to the head of 2nd metatarsal along with longitudinal traction through the same wound to facilitate its leverage out of deep transverse metatarsal ligament lying dorsal to its neck to achieve reduction. The reduction of both the MTP joints was assessed for stability after repair of the divided collateral ligament and there was no requirement for fixation with K-wires. (, ).\nThe wound was closed in layers after thorough irrigation and debridement and a bulky dressing with a below knee POP splint was applied. Immediate post-operative radiographs showed proper position and alignment of the joints and sessamoid apparatus. The post-operative dressing was clean and dry and there was no neurovascular deficit. Patient was discharged and followed up for dressings. and was kept nonweight bearing. The wound had healed well, with minimal oedema, and sutures were removed on the 14th postoperative day, and the patient was able to actively plantar flex and dorsiflex the MTP joints.\nThe extremity was placed in a walking cast boot with toe-touch weight bearing aided with a stick for two weeks and then the patient was instructed to bear weight as tolerated on the right foot and advised active and passive range of motion exercises. At one month follow up post-operatively, the patient had good active and passive range of motion and had only mild pain on excessive walking. Thereafter, the patient was evaluated monthly for six months, then three monthly and 12 months and 18 months post-operative follow-up. There was no instance of redislocations or signs of avascular necrosis of the heads of the metatarsals. Range of motion was similar to the contralateral foot and walking was pain free.