A 42-year-old right-handed man was referred to our neurosurgery department for generalized epileptic seizures, muscular weakness of both upper and lower limbs, gait instability and headache. The patient was suffering from recurrent seizures since his childhood and was under anticonvulsant treatment with phenobarbital and valproic acid. He was a heavy smoker and had a history of dyslipidemia and allergy in amoxicillin. Also, in the past, the patient underwent a surgery on his right hip after a traffic accident that he had 2 years before.\nHis clinical examination showed increased reflexes of his left leg without other neurological findings. A brain CT scan without contrast was initially performed and revealed a lesion in his right parietal-occipital lobe. The additional intravenous administration of contrast medium showed that the dimensions of the lesion were 7.5 × 2 × 4.6 cm. The contrast uptake and the density of the tumor were heterogeneous. There was also 1 cm middle line shift to the left as well as elevation of the right occipital horn. The patient had screws in his right hip, which were surgically removed in order to perform an MRI for further investigation of the tumor. MRI examination confirmed the existence of a lesion in the right occipital lobe, nearby the occipital horn compatible with the image of a low grade glioma (). The patient did not have any visual disorders as the opthalmologists reported before surgery. Also, blood exams did not reveal any numerical or functional disorders. The CT of the thorax, pelvis, upper and lower abdomen did not show any other pathological signs. The patient was scheduled for an occipital craniotomy for biopsy and depending on the result, resection or not of the lesion. Due to the inability of the biopsy to clarify the type of the tumor and considering the young age of the patient, we proceeded to surgical excision of the tumor. Intraoperative neuromonitoring (motorsensory and visual evoked potentials) and neuronavigation were used. The tumor was resected with the use of microscope and CUSA. A post-surgical MRI was performed after the operation and confirmed the subtotal excision of lesion (). CSF analysis did not reveal any pathological findings. Histopathological analysis revealed DLBCL () and the patient was referred to hematologists-oncologists of our hospital for further treatment manipulations. The patient was treated with radiotherapy and methotrexate and 16 months after his surgery is still tumor free.