The patient was a 47-year-old female with a history of rheumatoid arthritis who presented to our institution with dysphagia and neck pain after multiple previous cervical spine surgeries at an outside hospital. Her history began with an ACDF from C5 to C7 in 2009 for neck and arm pain. Following her index procedure, she experienced nonunion with loosening of screws and thus underwent a revision extension ACDF from C3 to C7 in 2010 which resulted in significant and immediate neck and arm pain relief. Despite her pain relief, her postoperative course was complicated by superficial surgical site infection necessitating irrigation and debridement 3 days later and antibiotics. Despite no apparent intraoperative complications or oropharyngeal perforation, she experienced significant dysphagia following the third surgery, and, despite unremarkable serial esophagrams, required a feeding tube for approximately 1 year. Gradually, after this period of oropharyngeal rest, her dysphagia somewhat improved and she was able to tolerate a mechanical soft diet with some difficulty. The patient had sustained pain relief but persistent dysphagia for approximately 3 years without any additional work-up. The patient initially presented to our institution following a low-energy fall. Her symptomatology had not changed but routine cervical spine imaging was obtained and she was subsequently referred to our spine specialty clinic for continued evaluation.\nAt the time of her presentation, her plain film radiography () and computed tomography (CT) of the cervical spine () revealed nonhealing posterior pseudarthrosis with local kyphosis, screw loosening, plate migration, and air communicating with the plate raising concern for esophageal perforation. In the context of her persistent dysphagia, mild pain, and imaging findings, it was deemed reasonable to proceed with neck exploration in conjunction with our otolaryngology colleagues with plans to remove hardware and then perform staged revision extension of previous fusion from a posterior approach.\nThe patient was brought to the operating room and direct laryngoscopy was performed. A pharyngeal defect with exposure of the spinal hardware was noted in the posterior pharynx in the midline (). Further evaluation beyond the proximal esophagus was not attempted for fear of worsening the defect. A nasogastric tube was inserted and attention was turned to the neck dissection.\nThe previous left vertical incision was incorporated into the planned surgical incision, as is customary with revision cervical procedures to protect the contralateral recurrent laryngeal nerve, and a standard anterior approach to the cervical spine was undertaken. The dissection was maintained above the level of the inferior aspect of the thyroid cartilage therefore minimizing risk to the recurrent laryngeal nerve, which was monitored with electromyography throughout the case. The cervical plate was found to have eroded through a 2.5 cm posterior pharyngeal wall defect that appeared to be chronic. Reconstruction of the pharynx was performed after plate removal by oversewing the defect with imbricating stitches. The decision was then made to prepare for a staged procedure with posterior spinal fusion (PSF) in the immediate future, but, first, a C3-C4 cervical osteotomy was performed to remove any anterior bony elements and allow deformity correction during definitive fusion. A drain was left in place, and the patient was placed in a halo for temporary cervical spine stabilization.\nTwo days following the initial surgery, the patient was again taken to the operating room and underwent posterior cervical osteotomies and facet resections at C2-C3 and C3-C4 and PSF from C1 to T2 with correction of kyphotic deformity. Her postoperative course consisted of no intake by mouth with nutrition through Dobhoff feeding tube. The halo was left on for a total of 1 month postoperatively and then removed. She remained in a skilled nursing facility for 1 month postoperatively. The patient's pain and dysphagia improved, and there was no evidence of frank contrast extravasation on the immediate or 2-month follow-up swallow study. Flexible fiber optic laryngoscopy at those time intervals also demonstrated an upper airway in continuity without evidence of erosion or abnormalities. The patient's diet was advanced to a mechanical soft diet at 2 months postoperatively, which she tolerated well, and the patient self-advanced her diet to a regular diet approximately 6 months postoperatively with some mild episodic dysphagia. Flexible fiber optic laryngoscopy at 8 months postoperatively demonstrated a well-healed posterior pharyngeal wall all the way to the cricopharyngeus without evidence of exposed cervical spine or cervical spine hardware or any other visual abnormality.