A 58-year old male presented to the emergency department complaining for pain at the left side of the base of his penis 4 h after excessive forceful masturbation. His medical and surgical history was unremarkable and he was under no medications whatsoever. At physical examination there were no signs of penile deformation, or expanding hematoma although the formation of a small hematoma was noticed at the base of the penis (). Abdominal examination was unremarkable, although the bladder was distended and palpable. The scrotum was painful at palpation, but the testicles were normal. The patient was able to void without hematuria and there were no evidence of urethral injury on retrograde urethrogram. The patient was consulted that this was a case of trauma causing rupture of the cavernous body that should be best managed surgically. However he did not consent for surgical exploration of the trauma and for this reason conservative management with broad spectrum antibiotics and low molecular weight heparin was administered. As penile ultrasonography was not available for technical reasons, the next day a magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) of the penis was performed in order to further investigate the extent of the traumatic lesion. Axial T1-weighted MRI showed a small tear in the tunica albuginea and hematoma in the left side of the base of the penis. (). After 3 days of conservative treatment the area of hematoma collection became erythematous and painful giving the impression of an abscess formation while the white blood cell count increased from 9000 to 21,000. The following day the abscess drained spontaneously to the skin, the patient was relieved from pain and the blood count returned to normal (). The pus culture from the abscess revealed Staphylococcus aureus. The patient was subjected to drainage and surgical debridement of the abscess.\nThe patient was discharged after 12 days of hospitalization with per oral somministration antibiotics administered for additional 10 days. With regard to his sexual ability, 3 months after the incidence he reported normal erections although he was not willing to complete the International Index of Erectile Function (IIEF) questionnaire or undergo a penile Doppler examination. The patient did not report any other mid- or long-term complications.