A 46- year old Sudanese male has few months’ history of gastric symptoms. He was planned for upper GIT endoscopy. There was no significant past medical history and he is not on immunosuppressive therapy. One day before endoscopy, he started to feel right lower costal pain which worsened next morning. His symptoms were initially explained by anxiety from the planned procedure. In few days time, he developed severe localized pain on the right lower costal area that radiates from the spine forward to the mid abdomen. He noticed mild change in the color of the skin in this area with redness, small vesicular rash, and soreness. These gradually improved with symptomatic treatment for herpes zoster. By the end of the second week, he started to feel heaviness of the right leg and numbness on the left. There were no urinary symptoms or fever. The clinical examination 3 weeks from the onset of neurological symptoms showed an average weight and height patient with abnormal gait. The abnormalities were confined to the central nervous system in the form of flaccid right lower limb weakness (Grade III + MRC), brisk knee and ankle jerks on the right. The right planter reflex was unobtainable. The examination of the sensory part showed normal pin prick vibration, position, and temperature sensations on the right lower limb but pain and temperature were impaired on the left lower limb which had normal power. A diagnosis of herpes zoster induced autoimmune myelitis was made and a dorsal MRI was requested. The clinical features of myelitis were in the form of Brown Sequard Syndrome. Mean while the patient was started on IV methyl prednisolone injections 1 g daily for 3 days followed by a 4 week's course of oral steroids starting with 45 mg/d. The non contrast dorsal MRI was normal and LP procedure was declined by the patient. Fortunately, the motor weakness improved and at 3 months assessment, there were minimum remaining sensory abnormalities on the left lower limb with no motor weakness on the right lower limb. The final clinical diagnosis was possible D 6 herpes zoster induced myelitis presenting clinically as Brown Sequard Syndrome. The patient was reassured and discharged from the clinic without further neurological complains for 2 years now.