A 52-year-old female who recently recovered from a myocardial infarction following a coronary angiography and stenting was not fortunate enough to be in good health thereafter. She developed symptoms such as pain upper abdomen, feeling of fullness even with small meals, and loss of appetite just 1 month after her stenting. Perplexed by her symptoms, she visited the hospital in January 2020. She underwent a battery of investigations including an upper gastrointestinal endoscopy which suggested a growth at the lower end of the stomach compromising the gastric outlet. After having a tissue diagnosis of adenocarcinoma stomach, the patient was devastated and worried about the outcome the disease will have for her. The patient developed a ray of hope when she was planned for surgery considering the localized nature of the disease. She was informed that an early diagnosis and treatment will have favorable outcomes for her. She was scared by the outcomes and extensive nature of the surgery but still hoped to get through it and be better.\nHowever, when her surgery time neared, the country had been hit by the pandemic. Because of the few people being diagnosed of coronavirus, the hospital where her surgery was planned decided to put on hold major elective surgeries to avoid the risk of coronavirus to patients. She was informed that her surgery was canceled to avoid any risk to her health considering her high risk for complications because of the pandemic. She recalled that she felt like the floor slipped off from under her. Her caregiver stated that they understood that the decision of postponing of surgery was in their favor, but they were distressed by the fact that what if it progressed. Their mind kept wondering if there was some way that they could get the surgery done and still did not get the infection. They were advised certain home-based medications for the disease to tide over some time.\nAfter 1½ months of this, the patient presented in the emergency department of our hospital with progressively increasing dysphagia, multiple episodes of vomiting, and significant weight loss. On initial stabilizing, a scan was done which suggested complete gastric outlet obstruction along with metastatic spread to the liver. It was informed that all that could be done for her in the present situation is a feeding jejunostomy to help her intake of food. Because in the present cachexic situation, it will take her some time to build up before she can tolerate a chemotherapy. This left the patient and her relative startled and they could not believe their ears. On explaining about the advanced nature of the disease, they were heart wrenched. The patient was annoyed at the entire situation and said I do not know whom to blame for my current situation. She said that ever since I was diagnosed with this disease, the only good thing I thought was its early stage. But now, because of this pandemic, although I did not get infected, should I be happy or be furious that I am in an even worse situation nearing death. It was a difficult conversation which led us wondering what went wrong that she is in such a situation.