Our patient was a 67-year-old woman, gravida 4, para 1. Her past medical history included epilepsy diagnosed at 56 years of age, unspecified cardiopulmonary arrest at age 57 years, peritonitis due to acute perforated gastric ulcer, venous thrombosis of the lower limb, and pulmonary arterial embolism. She was also allergic to numerous drugs and diagnostic agents (e.g., contrast media, nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, and sodium valproate). She visited the department of surgery at our hospital with chief complaints of appetite loss, nausea, and vomiting that had persisted for the prior two weeks. Because abdominal plain computed tomography (CT) revealed ileus and an abdominal incisional hernia, she was immediately admitted with a diagnosis of ileus caused by the incisional hernia. Moreover, a tumor measuring 21 cm in longest diameter was detected in the pelvis (). She was thus referred to our department for detailed examination and treatment. At the initial examination, the abdomen was soft without tenderness, rebound tenderness, or muscular defense. An easily movable mass extending from the right lower abdomen to the level of the umbilicus was palpated. The patient had undergone omental implantation for acute perforated gastric ulcer 10 years earlier. Preoperative abdominal plain CT had revealed a right ovarian tumor measuring 6 cm in diameter (), which contained a part of calcification and fatty components; however, there had been no findings suggestive of malignancy, such as a solid component or a mural nodule. The right ovarian tumor was radiologically diagnosed with a mature cystic teratoma. After surgery for the acute perforated gastric ulcer, she had not been referred to the department of gynecology. No further examination of the right ovarian tumor was performed. She had not been followed up for the ovarian tumor. When the findings of abdominal plain CT performed during the current admission were compared to those of the abdominal CT obtained 10 years earlier, the ovarian tumor was noted to have grown markedly in size and to be partially solid. The CT performed during the current admission also revealed fatty components in the ovarian cyst. On the basis of these findings, malignant transformation of the mature cystic teratoma was suspected. Furthermore, pelvic plain magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) also showed a cyst measuring 21 cm in longest diameter that was partially solid on the right side of the uterine body (). The solid components detected on T2-weighted images () showed high signal intensity on diffusion-weighted images () and low signal intensity on apparent diffusion coefficient maps, which suggested a malignant lesion. In addition, blood tests revealed tumor marker elevations: CEA, 7.1 ng/mL (<4.9 ng/mL); CA125, 58.3 U/mL (<35 U/mL); CA19-9, 405.8 U/mL (<37 U/mL); and SCC antigen, 6.2 ng/mL (<1.5 ng/mL). Based on the clinical course, imaging findings, and elevated tumor markers, malignant transformation of the previously recognized mature cystic teratoma was strongly suspected. Sixteen days after the initial examination, semiurgent surgery was performed. While neither lymphadenopathy nor distant metastasis was detected by imaging studies, the operation consisted of abdominal bilateral adnexectomy and repair of the abdominal incisional hernia in consideration of the patient's general condition. The intraoperative findings included slight accumulation of ascites with a pink tinge due to blood and swelling of the right ovary, which was larger than a newborn's head, whereas there were no signs of capsule rupture, torsion abnormality, and so on. We detected no macroscopic abnormalities in the uterus or the left adnexa. Neither disseminated lesions nor lymphadenopathy was observed in the peritoneal cavity. The tumor in the right ovary was unilocular and weighed 2960 g, containing both fatty components and hair. Moreover, protruding lesions were observed on a portion of the tumor wall (). Cytology of ascites was negative. Histologically, cystic wall was lined by squamous epithelium and contained horny materials inside the cyst. Mature bone tissue and hair were also observed. Focally, granulation tissue was formed. Squamous cell carcinoma was found in the solid part protruding inside the cyst wall. There was a transition between squamous epithelium and squamous cell carcinoma (). The postoperative clinical diagnosis was ovarian cancer FIGO stage IA, pT1aNxM0 due to malignant transformation of a mature cystic teratoma which had first been noted 10 years earlier. Given the history of allergy to multiple drugs, cardiopulmonary arrest, venous thrombosis of the lower limb, and pulmonary arterial embolism, postoperative chemotherapy was not planned. As of two years since surgery, no recurrence has been observed.