A 65-year-old female was initially admitted with typical angina and impression of acute coronary syndrome in another center. She only had a medical history of hypertension. The electrocardiogram (ECG) had shown 2 mm T inversion in V1-V3 leads, biphasic t waves in I, aVL and QT prolongation (QTc: 0.520 seconds). In the hospital coronary angiography was performed which had revealed two vessel disease. Successful percutaneous coronary intervention was done on left anterior descending artery (LAD) and right coronary artery (RCA) in the same session (). The patient was discharged home the next day. She was doing well for about a month till 2 days prior to her second admission when presented with multiple episodes of angina on exertion. She was admitted again. Cardiac enzymes were within normal limits and there were no new ECG changes. Echocardiography showed left ventricular ejection fraction of 55% without any resting wall motion abnormalities. She still complained of occasional angina pain until she developed a severe resting chest pain associated with nausea, vomiting and diaphoresis at the second day of admission. There was dynamic ECG changed associated with a rise in cardiac biomarkers. The patient was transferred to our center for urgent coronary angiography. In our emergency department, her angina had already decreased to 3 out of a 10 scale pain score. Electrocardiography showed ST depression in V2-V5 leads. The patient was sent to catheterization unit and the problem was observed just before contrast injection. There was a foreign body material stuck in the left main coronary artery which was the tip of a guiding catheter. Coronary angiography showed patent RCA and LAD stents, but there was a significant thrombotic narrowing of distal left main artery with extension of thrombus to the proximal parts of both LAD and left circumflex arteries because of the tip of a guiding catheter lodged in the left main coronary artery ( and ). The patient was sent immediately to the operating room and coronary artery bypass grafting was done successfully. Only two saphenous vein grafts on LAD and main obtuse marginal branches were anastomosed without any attempt to remove the foreign body. The patient was discharged from hospital after 3 days without any further complications.