An 18-year-old woman without a medical history showed headache and fever for a few days and then suddenly presented with personality changes with violent behavior and speech disabilities requiring her admission to the department of neurology in our hospital. A diagnostic image of her brain showed minimal changes such as mild brain edema, and cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) analysis showed lymphocyte pleocytosis suggesting inflammatory changes. As the first presumptive diagnosis was either viral encephalitis or autoimmune encephalitis, intravenous high dose steroids, acyclovir, and glycerol were administrated. Several days after her admission, she also showed involuntary movements, disturbance of consciousness, and central hypoventilation; she was managed by assisted respiration and medicated with midazolam and propofol. Since autoimmune encephalitis was the most possible diagnosis according to further examinations, plasma exchange treatment was also started, and the patient was introduced to our department for examination for a potential ovarian teratoma. Nevertheless, neither internal examination nor transvaginal ultrasonography detected an ovarian teratoma. T1-weighted pelvic magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) revealed a 5 × 7 mm fat intensity in the right ovary that showed the possibility of a teratoma (). T2-weighted pelvic MRI showed that a large number of similar-sized ovarian follicles surrounded the teratoma (). Initially, abdominal computed tomography (CT) with 10 mm slice thickness did not detect any fatty component in the right ovary. However, by referencing to the MRI findings, CT with 1 mm slice thickness eventually detected the fatty component in the right ovary. The mean CT number of that showed −62.5 HU (Figures and ).\nAfter 18 days from the first visit to our hospital, the patient underwent a laparoscopic operation for complete resection of the right ovarian teratoma. The macroscopic appearance of the right ovary did not show any abnormalities (). We performed a partial resection of the right ovary by removing small pieces at a time starting from the most likely location of the teratoma according to the diagnostic image (). The first resected 22 × 22 mm ovarian piece contained an intact 5 × 7 mm cystic tumor in which we macroscopically identified fat and hair components (). The pathological diagnosis was mature cystic teratoma containing component of brain tissue (Figures –).\nAn anti-NMDAR-antibody test was positive in both serum and cerebrospinal fluid 1 month after the surgery. From these results and her clinical course, the patient was diagnosed with anti-NMDAR encephalitis. After the surgery, clinical findings and symptoms are gradually improving. However, the recovery of her conscious level was slow and insufficient; 50 mg/m2 of cyclophosphamide in one course was administered 6 months after the operation. After 2 courses of cyclophosphamide, she showed drastic recovery, such as the complete elimination of involuntary movements and complete restoration of consciousness. Currently, while undergoing rehabilitation, she has recovered to the level of being able to ingest food by herself and walk with some help.