A 38-year-old Indian male was referred to the Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery Clinic, Boston University Goldman School of Dental Medicine for the evaluation and management of progressive trismus. Patient presented with main complaint of inability to chew food and limited mouth opening. He reported that this has been going on with him for the last few years but became more concern for him just recently. His medical history was significant for hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, and benign prostatic hyperplasia which all are controlled by medications. Patient reported that he has been chewing pan of Indian tobacco for the last 15 years. Clinical exam showed no lymphadenopathy, swelling, or asymmetry. Limited mouth opening at 15 mm and cranial nerves exam is unremarkable except for alter sensation in the buccal branch of V 3 bilaterally (). Intraoral exam showed poor oral hygiene, multiple carious teeth. Palpable severe fibrous bands in buccal mucosa from just inside the commeasure of the mouth up to the pterygomandibular raphe were felt bilaterally. Soft palate, tongue and floor of mouth were not involved. The fibrosis has resulted in pale-appearing mucosa. An incisional biopsy was taken for histopathological evaluation which confirmed the diagnosis of submucous fibrosis infiltrating the muscular layer (), after discussion of the clinical findings and treatment options with the patient. The patient was taken to the operating room where he was placed on the surgical table hooked to the anesthesia, cardiac monitors, and pulse oximeter. Next patient was induced via intravenous general anesthesia and intubated with no complications. Local anesthesia was infiltrated in the intended surgical areas. Using a transoral approach a blade number 15 was utilized for the surgical excision of the fibrous bands and protecting underlying vital structures. Surgical dissection was carried out to the level of the buccinator muscle. After controlling bleeding the wound edges were prepared for the graft placement. Next attention was made toward the right thigh from which a 7 × 7 cm full thickness skin graft was harvested (); using sharp dissection, was done to the level of the subcutaneous fat. Electrocautery was use to ensure homeostasis and appropriate pressure was placed on the donor site. After that the graft was cut to custom fit each defect and multiple perforations were done throughout the graft to ensure rapid revascularization and prevent hematomas from developing. Next the grafts were sutured into place using 3′0 Chromic Gut restorable sutures in simple interrupted fashion (). Mouth opening was measured toward the end of the procedure and was recorded at 32 mm. After that the surgical area was irrigated and patient was extubated and transferred to the recovery room in stable condition. Postoperatively the patient was placed on full liquid diet for two weeks and one week supply of Motrin 400 mg, Percocet 5/325 mg, Keflex 250 mg, Medrol dose pack. Patient was followed regularly and on the second week his mouth opening was noted to decrease to 25 mm at which a course of total of 80 mg of Triamcinolone intramuscular injections were done with 40 mg in each side. Patient was placed on vigorous mouth opening exercises using Therabite devise. Patient responded well to the treatment regimen and maintained mouth opening at 30 mm after 12 months of treatment with good ability to have a satisfactory masticatory function ().