A 76 years-old woman with history of controlled hypertension (with losartan and amlodipine) presented to our hospital referring weight loss of 4 kg in two months, edema that progressed to anasarca and back lumbar pain. Besides the edema her physical examination was completely normal with no clinical signs suggestive of hypercortisolism. Among the studies requested, an abdominal tomography showed a right adrenal gland nodule of 14x9 mm and another one in the left adrenal gland of 23x18 mm (), additionally multiple vertebral fractures were reported. As part of the study of adrenal adenomas the patient had an abnormal value of cortisol after a low dose suppression test with dexamethasone (13.3 µg/dL (normal value: <1.8 µg/dL), with a normal value of free urinary cortisol and her potassium was low (she was not on diuretics). The results of the patient laboratory test are shown on .\nWith these results an ACTH (adrenocorticotropic hormone) independent form of hypercortisolism was diagnosed and because the scan of the abdomen had documented the presence of two adenomas, one in each adrenal gland larger than 10 mm, we found ourselves with a therapeutic challenge since the resection of one of the glands may not cure the hypercortisolism in case that the hormonal production came from both glands and the resection of both glands with leave the patient with a permanent hypoadrenalism. It was decided then to perform an adrenal venous sampling to try to determine the origin of the of cortisol production.\nA previously described protocol was used with some changes. The authors of the original protocol propose the measurement of epinephrine as a method to determine the proper location of the catheters when performing the sampling. Because we do not have readily available the measurement of plasma catecholamines the test was performed using radiographic documentation of the tip of the catheter and aldosterone levels were used to make the corrections in the dilution between both sides . Samples of both adrenal veins and inferior cava vein were taken (the procedure is shown in and the results are shown in ). Based on the model of interpretation of adrenal venous sampling proposed by Young the test suggest that the patient has an adrenal hyperplasia with predominance in the production of cortisol from the right side, the results were discussed with the patient and the surgical team and it was then decided to perform a bilateral adrenalectomy. The result of the histological study of the glands was consistent with a bilateral adrenal macronodular hyperplasia.\nThe patient did not have any postoperative complication and received replacement therapy with hydrocortisone 50 mg every 8 h during the first 48 h and subsequently received prednisolone 10 mg and 0.1 mg of fludrocortisone replacement with resolution of the hypokalemia.