A 41-year-old woman with end stage renal disease (ESRD) from ADPKD was referred to our tertiary care center for urgent renal replacement therapy. Considering her actual state, the very long distance from hemodialysis centers and the possible opportunity for a future renal transplantation we concluded to start with peritoneal dialysis. Before starting PD we applied several sessions of hemodialysis using a subclavian temporary cathether. Two weeks after the peritoneal cathether implantation she started peritoneal dialysis. She continued on PD for two years but after a grave episode of peritonitis accompanied with a septic state, dialysis failure, long hospitalization, she was transferred urgently to hemodialysis. Her transplantation plans failed because her mother, the only possible donor died from a heart attack. She was maintained on regular HD, but her dialysis care was complicated by recurrent vascular access thrombosis. The first fistula functioned only 3 months and the second, third and fourth fistula were immature and not functioning. Both grafts didn’t function and were clotted till the first days. During this time the catheters were her vascular access of necessity with all the difficulties and hazardous situations that they bring with them. The third graft that was performed in Turkey, was clotted till the first days then was done the thrombectomy and then clotted again. The salvage procedures failed again. During this time the ongoing of hemodialysis was compromised from the recurrent septic states with seizures and bacteremia especially in the first hour of hemodialysis sessions. We usually used the cathether antibiotic locking in the end of hemodialysis with cephazolin or gentamicin but she gradually went on severe malnutrition due to long term infectious states and inefficient hemodialysis. She was supported with parenteral nutrition, more frequent HD sessions and intravenous antibiotics. This long calvary of suffering continued to the extent that only one access site was available for her routine renal replacement treatment.\nA thorough thrombophilia screen confirmed the presence of antiphospholipid antibodies, while antinuclear antibody and anti ds-DNA antibodies were negative. A diagnosis of APAS was made and she was anticoagulated with warfarin. The surgeon created the left femoral graft. It was used only after 4 weeks with extreme precautions. From 1.5 years it is still working and functioning well. Now she has a better quality of life, better hemoglobin levels, URR and she is free of temperature, seizures and rigid catheters that were her nightmare. Now she is not anxious, but for how much time? What if this AVG doesn’ t function any more? What to do with her? A lot of answers?