The 28-year-old male patient had trained for about 2 weeks after entering a marine training center. It was said that 2-week training at the Marine training center consisted of 2–3 h of swimming training a day and 2 h of basic physical strength reinforcement training. The swimming training consisted of repetitions 50 min of swimming and 10 min of rest. The swimming portion consisted of swimming 25 m back and forth four times at full strength followed by swimming the same distance four times at low speeds. The trainees would then rest and begin again. The basic physical strength reinforcement training consisted of repeating walking and running for around 1 h followed by weight training to reinforce upper and lower extremity muscular strength. The degree of difficulty was no different for him than for his colleagues.\nDue to pain in the both hip joints and the left ankle he visited a private clinic, but although a simple radiological examination was performed no abnormal finding was found (Fig. a); anti-inflammatory analgesics were prescribed and immobilization was recommended. At 4 weeks after enrollment, he presented at our hospital due to the aggravation of his right hip joint symptoms, a simple radiological examination was performed on the hip areas reported to be painful, and the radiographs obtained revealed a displaced femoral neck fracture (Fig. b). A bone scan showed hot uptakes at both hips and at the left ankle joint, MRI revealed fractures of both femoral necks (the right side was displaced and complete fracture) (Fig. c). He underwent open reduction and internal fixation at right hip using cannulated screws. The region of ankle joint hot uptake by bone scan was also investigated and found to be due to a slight fatigue fracture and articular depression of the subtalar joint and diffuse edematous change around the calcaneus on MRI. However, the patient has never made any specific complaint regarding the ankle joint. The left hip and ankle joint were treated conservatively by stabilization and long leg casting.\nHowever, reduction loss was noted 2 weeks after surgery due to non-union (Fig. a) on right hip. The displaced femur neck fracture due to fracture non union was treated by total hip arthroplasty (Depuy pinnacle cup 54 mm, ceramic liner 54–36 mm, Corail stem 314, ceramic head 12/14 medium 36 mm) and operative findings were non-specific (Fig. b).\nSuspecting multiple stress fractures, we scrutinized his history and performed a hematological examination.\nThe patient advised that he had grown in height until he was 21 years old. His body weight was 53 kg and height 170 cm, and there was no particular history of surgery or hospitalization. Seemingly, there was no finding to indicate a hormonal disorder, i.e., abnormal findings regarding early morning erection, sexual hair, etc., and dual energy X-ray absorptiometry (DEXA) returned a lumbar spine T score of 2.8. Findings from the hematological examination were a serum CTx (C-terminal telopeptide) 0.38 ng/ml, NTx (cross-linked N-telopeptides of type1 collagen in urine) 111 BCE/mM, 25(OH) Vitamin D3 22.3 ng/ml, PTH (intact) 27 pg/ml, LH 4.1 mIU/ml, FSH 3.7 mIU/ml, testosterone 2.79 ng/ml, osteocalcin 25.2 ng/ml, T3 (total) 121 ng/ml, free T4 1.35 ng/ml, TSH 1.42 uIU/ml, prolactin 3.5 ng/ml, alk phos 93 U/L, calcium 9.2 mg/dl, and phosphorus 4.4 mg/dl.\nAt 17 months postoperatively, the patient had a normal gait without any supportive equipment, and was pain free without functional restriction with stable fixated implants.