A 25-year-old Caucasian female presented to our care with a chronic history of regurgitation of previously ingested food. For the past 4 years, she regurgitated immediately in the postprandial period, occurring within 5 - 25 min after per oral (PO) intake and lasting up to 2 h. These acts of regurgitation were frequently observed by friends and family. When she presented to our care, she was very malnourished and had been maintained on nocturnal jejunal tube feedings. She also complained of multiple bouts of watery diarrhea, amounting to as much as ten episodes per day. Due to the repercussions of her illness, she avoided social gatherings and was not able to maintain her job due to these frequent episodes of regurgitation and subsequent vomiting or swallowing of the food.\nHer past medical problems included asthma and anxiety. Since the beginning of her symptoms 4 years ago she was misdiagnosed multiple times with other gastrointestinal disorders. Therefore, she unnecessarily underwent many diagnostic studies and invasive surgical procedures. This downward spiral started when she was being evaluated for right upper quadrant abdominal pain associated with persistent episodes of vomiting. She subsequently had an abdominal ultrasound revealing biliary sludge and HIDA scan with an ejection fraction of < 20%. A laparoscopic cholecystectomy was performed in March 2010 based on the assumption that her condition was of biliary disease etiology. Her symptoms persisted despite this procedure, and idiopathic gastroparesis was the next assumption on their differentials of postprandial nausea and vomiting. The diagnosis of idiopathic gastroparesis was aided by a delayed GES. A unique finding from this evaluation was that some of the isotope was immediately regurgitated after being ingested. A normal upper endoscopy was also noted at this time. After failing medical therapy for gastroparesis, a gastric stimulator was placed in October of 2010 but with only < 10% improvement of symptoms. As a result, the patient underwent a pyloroplasty in January of 2011. Her symptoms improved for 2 - 3 weeks but then recurred and became associated with watery diarrhea. Her nutritional status deteriorated to the point that she eventually had a jejunostomy tube being placed in August of 2011.\nAfter being referred to several gastroenterologists, she was eventually diagnosed to have rumination syndrome. To aid in the diagnosis, an antroduodenal manometry (ADM) was performed that revealed the characteristic R-waves exhibited in patients with rumination syndrome. The treatment of adult rumination syndrome consists of reassurance, behavior therapy, psychotherapy and relaxation therapies. All of these therapies were attempted and failed to provide a sustained relief of symptoms.\nPhysical examination findings revealed a cachectic female with a body mass index (BMI) of 16. Vital signs that were only significant for hypotension (BP: 80/55 mm Hg). She was in no acute distress with a normal mood, affect, attention span and concentration. Abdomen was soft, not distended, and not tender to palpation. A J-tube was located in the left upper quadrant and a gastric pacing device in the right upper quadrant, with no signs of infection. The remainder of the physical examination was unremarkable. There were no significant laboratory findings on admission.\nThe working diagnosis upon admission was rumination syndrome with conditioned vomiting. Our primary goal was to decrease the frequency of vomiting and diarrhea, which was eventually controlled with medical therapies of loperamide, dicycloamine, nortriptyline and scopolamine for nausea and pain control. Once the nausea, vomiting and diarrhea were better controlled, we gradually increased the rate of J-tube feeding to enhance her nutritional status. The general surgery service removed the gastric stimulator and replaced the feeding jejunostomy tube with a Mic-Key button. An upper endoscopy with subsequently done to obtain full thickness gastric biopsies for study of the gastric smooth muscle.\nThe surgical pathology results from the gastric biopsies revealed no evidence of inflammation, necrosis, intestinal metaplasia, dysplasia or malignancy. The nerve bundles and ganglion cells (myenteric plexus) were positive for S100 immunostain and were normal in number. An adequate population of cells of Cajal within the muscularis propria was indicated by positive C-kit staining. Ultimately these findings confirmed that the stomach was functionally normal at the molecular level. The patient was subsequently discharged with outpatient follow-up with a psychologist to put forth a dedicated effort in relaxation and other behavioral techniques.\nAfter 1 year of dedicated attempts of “breathing relaxation techniques”, while being nutritionally maintained by nocturnal jejunostomy feedings, the patient presented again to our care with refractory nausea and vomiting. Her initial vital signs on admission were within normal limits. No significant physical examination findings were noted except she still weighed 90 lbs and had a BMI of 16. No significant abnormalities were noted on the initial laboratory work-up. An upper endoscopy was performed to evaluate the persistent vomiting and hematemesis. But no significant findings were noted except gastric mucosal atrophy. A GES was delayed with > 85% isotope retention. It was apparent that the stomach was anatomically normal but was not functionally normal.\nSurgical intervention was considered as a last resort measure to improve the quality of life of the patient. An extensive psychiatrist evaluation was performed to rule out any psychiatric or eating disorders. The psychiatrist did not establish a diagnosis of anorexia or bulimia nervosa.\nShe underwent a subtotal gastrectomy (80%) with Roux-en-Y reconstruction on the fourth hospital day and the jejunostomy feeding was continued. Pathologic evaluation of the resected stomach revealed chronic gastritis, and the C-kit immunostain showed an average of 11 interstitial cells of Cajal (ICC) in the body of the stomach and 10 ICC in the antrum of the stomach. The jejunostomy tube feeding rate was gradually increased over the hospital course to a goal of 80 cc per hour and she was also tolerating a liquid diet. On subsequent follow-up visits over a 6-month course, the refractory nausea and vomiting had resolved by more than 85% with and improvement in her BMI and quality of life.