An otherwise healthy 25-year-old female presented to our emergency department with complaints of acute onset of epigastric pain and nausea with bilious emesis. Workup in the way of liver function tests and abdominal ultrasound did not demonstrate evidence suggesting biliary or gallbladder pathology, and as such she was discharged home. She represented within hours of discharge due to worsening symptoms. She therefore underwent evaluation with a computed tomography that demonstrated a soft tissue mass located posterior to the gallbladder (). The patient then underwent further evaluation with magnetic resonance cholangiopancreatography. Again, a complex cystic structure of indeterminate etiology was observed at the porta hepatis without evidence of communication with either the biliary or vascular structures. At the time, the differential diagnosis included a ruptured hepatic adenoma, biliary cystic lesion, or enteric cyst.\nSecondary to these findings and her persistent symptoms the patient was taken to the operating room. At the time of laparoscopy a hemorrhagic pedunculated mass was identified attached to the infundibulum of the gallbladder once the fundus was retracted in a cephalad direction (). It was easily dissected off the hilar structures by blunt dissection and then resected by ligating a small pedicle of tissue connecting this mass to the gallbladder infundibulum near the cystic duct by using a harmonic scalpel. There was also a considerable amount of inflammation to the infundibulum of the gallbladder in proximity to this hemorrhagic mass with the remainder appearing normal. Therefore, a cholecystectomy was performed as well. We believe the cholecystitis was secondary to inflammation from the hemorrhagic mass. As mentioned previously, her initial ultrasound did not show any evidence of cholecystitis. Even though one could expect this inflammation to resolve once the hemorrhagic mass was removed, we decided to perform a cholecystectomy because there was considerable dissection within the region of the cystic duct and the concern of potential ischemia and stricture did exist.\nThe patient's postoperative course was uneventful and her symptoms resolved immediately. She was discharged home on the first postoperative day and was asymptomatic when seen in follow-up.\nGross pathology of the hilar mass revealed a 1.2 × 2.8 × 4.5 cm firm purple ovoid structure. Histology revealed extensive hemorrhagic necrosis in the background of normal liver parenchyma. The presence of hepatic lobules with central veins and organized portal structures ruled out adenoma and focal nodular hyperplasia (). Therefore, the final diagnosis was that of a hemorrhagic benign ectopic liver tissue. Histologic evaluation of the gallbladder demonstrated localized cholecystitis in the area adjacent to the mass.