This patient is a 48 year old female who was admitted with a large fungating right breast mass which measured 22 × 20 cm and elevated 12 cm above the skin surface (Figure ). The patient stated that the mass began as a very small "bump" that she believed was a cyst. One year prior she had been evaluated by her primary care physician who described a bulging, red breast mass in the upper outer quadrant which measured at least 8 cm. Core biopsies were performed and the pathology revealed a high-grade malignant neoplasm with dominant features of carcinoma and a suggestion of carcinosarcoma. The patient chose to not undergo treatment and allowed the mass to enlarge with resultant ulceration of the mass through the skin with centralized necrosis and bleeding of the mass. The patient's associated symptoms included a 50 pound weight loss over the previous 6 months with intermittent low-grade fevers.\nThe patient's past medical history was significant for hypertension and left ear deafness. No significant surgical history was reported and her family history was not significant for malignancies in any first degree relatives. Physical examination revealed a cachetic female in significant pain with a large, extensively necrotic mass on the right anterolateral breast and chest wall. The necrotic tissue was on an erythematous, dense mound of tissue that extended to the lateral and central chest wall. No cervical, supraclavicular, left axillary or inguinal lymphadenopathy was appreciated on physical exam. There was palpable lymphadenopathy within the right axilla.\nThe patient was taken to the operating room and underwent a right radical mastectomy. This encompassed removal of the entire pectoralis major and minor musculature down to the right chest wall, and a complete level III axillary lymph node dissection was performed. The skin flaps were viable, not grossly involved with tumor, and were able to be closed primarily (Figure ). The patient recovered uneventfully and was discharged two days later. The patient developed a moderate amount of right upper extremity chronic lymphedema.\nThe final pathology of the right radical mastectomy revealed a high grade carcinosarcoma measuring 22 cm in greatest diameter (Figures &). There was extensive cutaneous ulceration with underlying dermal involvement by the tumor. The deep surgical margin of resection which included the pectoralis major and minor muscle was negative for tumor. A total of 2 of 28 axillary lymph nodes were positive for metastatic carcinosarcoma with extranodal tumor extension identified. All surgical margins were negative for tumor. Immunohistochemical profile revealed a neoplasm with a dimorphic histology. The epithelial (carcinomatous) component stained positive for cytokeratin immunostain CAM5.2, and the mesenchymal (sarcomatous) component was negative for CAM5.2, actin and desmin, but positive for vimentin. The tumor was estrogen and progesterone receptor negative and not amplified for the HER-2/neu gene via fluorescence in situ hybridization (FISH). Expression of HER-1/EGFR receptor was examined by immunohistochemistry with 70% of the cells expressing the EGFR protein, classified as moderate staining intensity (Figure ). Based on available data and using AJCC criteria, the final pathologic staging was a T4b, N1a, Mx, Stage IIIb lesion.\nA post-operative whole body PET/CT fusion scan and radionuclide bone scan showed no evidence of metastatic disease. As per NCCN guidelines regarding her stage of tumor, we recommended adjuvant radiation therapy to the chest wall and axilla in addition to chemotherapy. She received dose-dense doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide followed by paclitaxel and subsequently radiation therapy to the chest wall and axilla.