A 35-year-old educated young male is the main caregiver of his mother, who is a cancer survivor. He has two children of 3 years and 6 years old. He is the sole earning member of his family. The journey of his life has been filled with many challenges for the past 10 years.\nHis first complex caregiving episode dates back to the time when he was 25 years old. He had just started a new job after completing his education. However unfortunately, at the same time, his mother was diagnosed with colon carcinoma. He recalled that it seemed to him as the end of the world at that time. It was for the first time in his life that he experienced a sense of great responsibility toward his mother. He assumed the role of a parent for her and followed her up for treatments in the hospital, caring for her at home after surgery and supporting her emotionally as well. As his father was not educated and sister too young to understand, he did not share much of his loneliness and distress with anyone. After the surgery slowly over a period of a year, his mother's health improved, which relieved his distress.\nThe second complex caregiving episode was when his father died due to a sudden cardiac event (massive heart attack) 4 years back. This was a major turning point in his life. He felt all alone. He hardly used to discuss all his fears with his father, but still, he felt that his father was the only source of social and emotional support for him. Furthermore, seeing the mother in grief and fearing the ill effects of stress on her health. He now realized that he has to be the support system for his whole family. With responsibility came more stress, which further strained him emotionally.\nHe describes the present complex caregiving situation due to the pandemic as the worst experience in which it seemed to him that there is only sadness, distress without any hope of something good. He describes the present state of his mind as being filled with hopelessness and fear. He states that to add to his distress was the new symptoms of pain abdomen and bowel disturbances in his mother. The thoughts of having a recurrence terrified him for which he desperately wanted to visit the hospital. However considering his mother at high risk of complications from the COVID-19 infections, he was too perplexed to decide what to do. Another thought of his children being at risk of the infection if he visited a hospital heightened his anxiety. He recalls himself having sleepless nights wondering what is better in the current scenario for the safety of his whole family without adversely affecting his mother's health. He remembered having episodes of anger, frustration on his kids and wife over small immaterial things. However, when the situation continued and had almost felt devastated for >2 months he finally thought to visit the hospital once.\nWhen he presented to the outpatient department to show his mother, it seemed evident that he was in great psychological distress. The mother was evaluated and suspected of an infection for which treatment was prescribed. However, we thought of communicating with him regarding his fears, distress, and anxiety. Once he was comfortable, he expressed his distress which he stated had completely ruined his life. He discussed his worries and slowly and gradually felt much better. We followed them using teleconsultation and found that his negative symptoms such as helplessness, anger, and distress had decreased and he felt good to be with his family.