An 8-year-old male child patient presented with a swelling and pus discharge in relation to the right side of his mandible since 1 month. Past history revealed that the patient had met with a motor vehicle accident 3 months ago and was subsequently treated for fracture of the mandible on the right side. Extra oral examination revealed an obvious swelling of 1 × 1.5 cm in size on the right side of the mandibular region with the overlying skin showing a crusty appearance []. There was a sinus opening along with pus discharge over the swelling. Intra oral examination revealed inter dental wiring done from 73 till 83 []. Dental abnormalities included missing 31, rotation of 41, 42 and 32; anterior open bite and posterior open bite on the left side. Orthopantomogram revealed presence of bone plate along with 4 screws in the region of 43 and 45, which were in close approximation with the developing roots of 43 and 45 and the plate was oriented in an oblique direction []. A fracture line on the right side of the mandible extending from interdental area of 42 and 83 vertically and horizontally along the lower border of the mandible was also observed on this radiograph. There was a step deformity in the lower border of the mandible indicating improperly reduced fracture. An associated malunion of the subcondylar fracture on the left side was also noted []. Based on history, clinical features, and radiographic features this case was diagnosed as malunited fractures of the body and the condyle of the mandible on the opposite sides. Under local anesthesia the interdental wiring was removed and a crevicular incision was made from 41 till 46, thus exposing the fracture site. The screws along with bone plate were retrieved carefully []. Prophylactic extraction of 83, 84, and 85 was done to facilitate the eruption of underlying permanent teeth and to evaluate whether any damage had occurred to these teeth in the process of bone plating. Post-operative period was uneventful and after 45 days of follow-up, the extra oral swelling had subsided and the sinus was completely healed []. Intraorally and radiographically there was evidence of eruption of 44 and 43 []. There was considerable evidence of occlusal adjustment both in the anterior and posterior regions throughout the follow-up period [].