A 60-year-old female, laborer by occupation, a diagnosed case of carcinoma lung with metastasis presented with chief complaints of dyspnea. The patient had massive pleural effusion []. There had been five previous episodes of pleural aspiration followed by thoracocentesis. The patient was offered thoracoscopy and talc poudrage which the patient refused so an indwelling intercostal tube insertion was planned. In order not to hamper the motility a newer economical technique was employed on the lines of indwelling pleural catheter, which not only is very expensive but also not easily available in India.\nAfter detailed informed consent, the site of icd insertion site was marked by ultrasonography in the mid axillary line. The skin was thoroughly cleaned with betadine and methylated spirit. A second point was marked 5 cm behind and above the first point and lignocaine 2% was given liberally at the point of icd insertion and subcutaneously in the line between these two points. Two subcutaneous nicks were given, the first 0.5 cm behind the point of icd insertion and the second at the second point behind and a subcutaneous tunnel was created by straight artery forceps between the two points. An 18 Fr rhemsons icd tube was taken and passed through the subcutaneous tunnel and pulled out with the artery forceps. A nick was given and the front end was inserted in the chest wall as a normal icd insertion. The rear end of the tube was cut and used as an air tight cap after reversing it []. One stitch was placed at icd site and the other at the second point []. The icd was bent and dressing applied in two layers with the upper layer in two parts so that whenever drainage was to be done [], the patient removed the distal part of dressing above and connected to a bag [] and sealed the tube with the cap after drainage of fluid. The patient was mobile without any need for carrying the icd bag with icd in situ [] continuously and remained comfortable with the tube for 4 months till the end of life. During this period the patient was called for follow up every 15 days and sterile dressing was done. No complication was encountered during the above said period.