We report a rare malposition of a PA catheter secondary to kinking in a 63-year-old male who was scheduled for an off-pump coronary artery by-pass graft. The patient had a history of diabetes mellitus with neuropathy, early stage nephropathy and retinopathy. The pre-operative echocardiogram was significant for diffuse left ventricular hypokinesis with a corresponding ejection fraction of 51 %. The right ventricle size was normal and there was no evidence of pulmonary hypertension. After placement of standard monitors and preoxygenation of the patient, midazolam, fentanyl and rocuronium were administered. The patient was then intubated and maintenance of anesthesia was achieved using 1 % sevoflurane along with a continuous infusion of remifentanil. Subsequently, an arterial line was placed and a central venous catheter and a sheath for a PA catheter were inserted in the right internal jugular vein. The patient showed stable hemodynamics throughout the insertion of the catheters.\nDuring insertion of the PA catheter, we monitored the pressure waveform from the distal catheter port. The catheter was advanced to the right ventricle at a depth of 40 cm, then, was further advanced to the pulmonary artery at a depth of 55 cm. However, it was relatively easy to drop back the catheter to the right ventricle. Even after several attempts, no stable pulmonary artery waveform was obtained. We then discovered that the distal and proximal ports presented the same waveform pattern. We made the range of the two pressure lines the same and then realized that the two waveforms were completely identical (Fig. ).\nWe first suspected a mechanical problem with the catheter itself such as communication between lumens, so we flushed saline in each lumen. This changed each waveform independently, thus, communication between lumens seemed to be unlikely. Although we tried to remove the catheter, it was firmly in place at 15 cm depth. Flushing of cold saline through the distal port and placement of a guide wire were not successful in attempts to remove the catheter. We then utilized portable fluoroscopy to visualize the catheter in situ. We were able to determine that the catheter had formed a kink around the apex of the right ventricle (Fig. ). With the use of a guide wire and alternating patient body position, we were able to straighten the catheter, which allowed for its subsequent removal. The removed catheter showed evidence of bend at the distal site of the thermo-dilution lead (Fig. ). While reinsertion of new PA catheter, fluoroscopy showed that a kink started to form around the apex of the right ventricle. However, this time we advanced the PA catheter successfully using fluoroscopy and alternations in patient body position. Thereafter, the surgical procedure and postoperative course were both uneventful.