An 18-year-old female patient reported to our department with the complaint of poor esthetic appearance due to missing upper and lower front teeth since 4 years and seeking prosthetic treatment. Patient gave no history of trauma and extractions in relation with the missing teeth. The patient reported that the teeth exfoliated due to loosening. The patient's medical history was not contributory. Family history revealed no such abnormality among other family members.\nOn intraoral examination [] the morphologic appearance and color of the permanent teeth were normal. In maxillary arch, the missing teeth were from right canine region to left canine region and in mandibular arch, all the incisors were missing. There was generalized grade II and grade III mobility. Oral hygiene was poor and there were plaque and calculus deposits in all the quadrants. Restorations were present in left maxillary first molar and mandibular second molar.\nPanoramic radiograph [] revealed adequate enamel thickness on the cuspal tips of all the teeth. There was no root formation in most of the teeth while some of the teeth exhibited short, blunted and malformed roots of only a few millimeters with obliterated pulp chambers. The mandibular first left molar tooth had taurodontism like appearance. Well-defined periapical radiolucencies were present in association with the apex of the mandibular left first molar and right first and second molar.\nAlthough the patient had attained her physical maturity and was ready for definitive dental treatment but her physical, financial and psychological situations were important to be considered in selecting the final treatment plan. The following treatment plan was formulated for the patient. Dietary and oral hygiene instructions were given to the patient and extraction of the teeth that were mobile was advised along with the rehabilitation of the missing teeth with prosthesis.\nThe right maxillary first molar tooth was extracted and sent to Department of Oral Pathology and Microbiology. Clinical examination of the gross specimen [] revealed an intact tooth. The tooth crown was of normal dimensions measuring around 7.5 mm but the roots were short and measured about 6 mm. The specimen was sectioned mesiodistally into halves. The mesiodistally cut tooth surface showed total obliteration of pulp chambers with dentin. One half of the cut tooth specimen was decalcified in 10% nitric acid and processed for hematoxylin-eosin (H and E) staining. Other half of the cut tooth specimen was used for preparing ground section.\nThe ground section [Figure and ] showed normal crown outline with normal enamel covering. A thin layer of superficial mantle dentin appeared but the pulp chamber was totally obliterated by an unusual calcified material consisting of atypical tubular dentin and osteodentin covered by thin discontinuous layer of cementum. Normal dentinal tubule formation appeared to have been blocked and the new dentin so formed around obstacle, gave rise to the characteristic appearance of “lava flow around the boulder” [].\nHistopathologic examination of the decalcified hematoxylin-eosin section [] showed total obliteration of pulp that was filled with tubular dentin, osteodentin and irregular, globular masses of dentin [Figure and ]. A cluster of odontoblasts was seen within the globular masses of dentin.\nBased on the clinical, radiographic, gross features and histological examination of the ground section and decalcified section, diagnosis of dentin dysplasia type I was made.