A 48-year old Caucasian man presented to clinic for evaluation of his options for the treatment of brainstem fibrosarcoma. In 1977, 26 years prior to this presentation, the patient was diagnosed with a large pituitary adenoma based on a head computer tomography. Biopsy was not performed at the time. However, he received conformal fractionated radiotherapy of unknown dose. He also had concurrent hydrocephalus and a ventriculo–peritoneal shunt was placed. The patient was asymptomatic until 2003 when he started to develop eye left eyelid drooping and diplopia. A magnetic resonance study performed in February of 2004 showed a right brainstem lesion. Stereotactic needle brain biopsy was performed but the results were inconclusive. The patient was followed with serial neuroimaging until August of 2006 when the tumor experienced significant growth associated with progressive neurologic impairment. At that time a second stereotactic biopsy was performed, which also failed to show the pathology of the tumor. In May of 2007, the patient underwent subtotal resection of his large right pontine enhancing mass. Pathology results revealed that the tissue was most consisted with grade 2 fibrosarcoma. Post operatively the patient suffered a pseudomeningocele at the incision site, which required a VP shunt revision. Subsequently he presented to our clinic for reevaluation of this therapeutic options. After careful consideration of the different options available we decided to use a combination of metronomic cyclophosphamide at 50 mg a day and Imatinib 400 mg a day. The choice of Imatinib was based on the newest published data on the soft-tissue sarcoma and gastrointestinal stromal tumors sensitivity to Imatinib [] and the recent clinical trials showing that this chemotherapy agent is a potential option for primary malignant gliomas []. Cyclophosphamide is very commonly used in the treatment of multiple CNS malignancies such as malignant glioma and meningioma [], and also shows good activity in the treatment of systemic fibrosarcoma [] which motivates our decision to include this drug in this patient’s regimen.\nThe patient tolerated the treatment well, with slow improvement in his neurologic function and with minimal (grade II) chemotherapy-related hematologic toxicities. No treatment discontinuation was needed. Serial magnetic resonance studies of the brain showed that the tumor did not grow over the course of 6 month of chemotherapy, measures being stable at 30.2 mm × 35 mm (November 2007) and 30.4 mm × 35 mm (May 2008) (Fig. c–f). Unfortunately, the patient expired due to bacterial pneumonia with subsequent Gram negative sepsis while continuing to experience neurologic improvement, 6 months after the onset of chemotherapy. At the wish of the family, no autopsy was performed.\nThe pathology report indicated that the subtotal resection specimen was most consistent with brainstem tissue (Fig. c, d). Microscopical analysis if the specimen revealed spindle cell proliferation, with mild to moderate pleomorphism (Fig. a, b). These cells were also negative for EMA, GFAP, Keratin, Melan-A and S 100 (Fig. d). In some areas, ten to fifteen percent of these cells reacted with Ki-67 (Fig. h). These areas were also positive for Vimentin (Fig. f) and showed a delicate reticulin network (Fig. e). Faint to moderate positivity for p53 was demonstrated in some areas. A desmin stain was also positive. Within the brain tissue there were some areas of necrosis in which macrophages could be seen.\nT1 weighted axial and sagittal images delineated a gadolinium enhancing midbrain mass with lesional edema. T2 weighted axial images demonstrated a heterogenous hyperintensity corresponding to the gadolinium-enhancing areas (Fig. ). Compared o the MRI from May 2007 the MRI from November 2007 showed rapidly expanding tumor (Fig. ). The follow-up MRIs obtained at 6 months showed stability of the tumor over a period of 6 month (Fig. ).