A 71 year old man with signs of syncope and haemorrhagic shock secondary to massive haemetemesis was referred for emergency treatment and investigation to the 1st Department of Surgery, University of Athens Medical School in 2009. Eight years earlier the same patient, who had a known history of gastric ulcers, presented with a similar clinical picture to a different surgical unit. On admission he showed signs of haemorrhagic shock with a haemoglobin level (Hg) of 7 g dL. Emergency upper GI endoscopy was unable to identify the source of bleeding due to large volumes of blood in the stomach. Surgical treatment with a laparotomy was decided and the intraoperative findings demonstrated an acute gastric hemorrhage secondary to a massive propyloric ulcerative lesion. Resection of the lesion was decided and a distal gastrectomy and Billroth II reconstruction performed. The subsequent histology revealed a <2 cm gastrointestinal stromal tumour, with a mitotic rate of < 5 mitosis/50 per HPF, lacking necrosis and localized to the gastric mucosa. The patient made an uneventful recovery and was discharged eleven days post surgery. The patient was reviewed over the following two years and repeat endoscopies failed to reveal any signs of recurrence. The patient subsequently declined further surveillance and follow up.\nAt his readmission in 2009 the patient was primarily treated conservatively due to his hemodynamic instability. After successful resuscitation, an emergency upper GI endoscopy was performed which revealed an irregularly shaped elevated lesion on the gastrojejunostomy line and a thrombus at the center of the lesion. The hemorrhagic lesion was situated along the posterior anastomotic suture line. Multiple biopsies were performed and a definitive endoscopic haemostasis was obtained.\nPreoperative staging computed tomography (CT) showed no lymphadenopathy or hepatic metastasis and as the patient's performance status was otherwise excellent, the decision for a second operation was deemed favorable. The patient went on to have a successful completion gastrectomy with regional lymphadenectomy and the continuity of the gastrointestinal tract was maintained through the Roux-en-Y method. It is important to note that lymphadenectomy is not routinely performed in GIST as metastatic spread rarely occurs through the lymphatic system. However the unusual presentation of the case created uncertainty over the malignant potential of the tumour and the experienced surgeons deemed lymphadenectomy the most appropriate measure in this instance. Histological review of the specimen showed macroscopically an ulcerative lesion on the suture-line, measuring 0.8 cm in diameter. The cut surface was gray with a rubbery consistency. Microscopically, it was a gastrointestinal stromal tumor (figure ), composed of spindle cells with mild to moderate nuclear pleomorphism. The stroma focally had a myxoid appearance. The tumor invaded into the submucosa, showed no signs of necrosis and had positive expression of c-kit (figure ), focally positive expression of SMA, and negative expression of CD34. The postoperative course was uneventful, and the patient shows no evidence of recurrence 1 year and 6 months after the last surgery. It is noteworthy to mention that GIST in this patient occurred sporadically and that there were no clinical findings suggestive of familial GIST which can be seen in patients with neurofibramatosis type 1 (NF1) or in the Carney-Stratakis dyad.