A 6-month-old baby boy presented at the Vascular Surgery clinic with a 2-month history of swelling noticed by his parents on the hypothenar eminence of the left hand (). The swelling was gradually increasing in size. The parents gave no history of any unusual crying of the baby, which concludes that it was painless. On our examination, the swelling was around 4×2 cm in size. It was pulsatile on palpation, and there were no motor deficits in the left hand. This swelling was localized in the left hand hypothenar eminence, and both the radial and ulnar pulses were palpable with a good capillary refill. On taking a detailed history, the mother explained that the baby had the habit of hitting his left hand mainly on the table while having food and on other objects. With the clinical history and examination, an aneurysmal swelling was confirmed, most likely arising from the ulnar artery or the palmar arch because of its location. He came in with an arterial duplex, which confirmed only an aneurysmal sac. There was no detailed anatomical description because of the compromised examination due to the age of the child. No other investigations were carried out to confirm the diagnosis because of financial limitations and the very young age of the child, and we opted for surgical excision directly. Intraoperatively, it was an aneurysmal swelling involving the ulnar artery from below the wrist and at the distal forearm involving the superficial palmar arch distally and taking the digital blood supply of the little finger and the ring finger with it (). This aneurysm was excised and repaired with an interposition reverse cephalic vein graft from the forearm of the same side (). A segment of the Y-shaped cephalic vein with a tributary was taken from the distal forearm of the same side. The proximal end of the reverse cephalic vein was anastomosed to the distal end of the ulnar artery, and the two distal ends of the reverse cephalic vein in a Y-shape fashion were anastomosed, one at the superficial palmar arch and one at the common digital artery of the fourth and fifth fingers at the fourth web space. The histopathology of the aneurysmal sac confirmed a dilated vascular channel with fibrin and an attenuated intima, compatible with an aneurysm with no signs of vasculitis. Postoperatively, he had palpable pulses in both the ulnar and radial arteries, and his motor movement was intact. He was not kept on any anticoagulation, and no further follow-up studies were conducted.