A 48-year-old African male was referred to our imaging department for a coronary computed tomography angiography (CCTA) due to a recent history of left side chest pain. Further evaluation of the patient revealed complaints of recurrent loss of consciousness for six years, convulsions for four years, a single episode of temporary loss of vision three years ago, and recent skin nodules. He is a known hypertensive patient diagnosed four years ago and is on regular medication with a fair response. He denied any known allergy or surgical history. There is no known history of tuberculosis contact or a known family history of epileptic disorders. He admitted to eating pork meat up to four times a week. He was a truck driver and is married with seven living children. This illness led him to stop driving. His wife and children are all doing well.\nThe first episode of loss of consciousness occurred suddenly and lasted for a few minutes. He denied having a prior illness. He was taken to a nearby hospital where he was treated for malaria and soon resumed normal activities.\nHe was doing well thereafter until the following year when he developed a second episode of a sudden loss of consciousness and woke up in a hospital two days later. During hospitalization, he was put on IV fluids and antimalarial drugs. This episode was followed by a severe headache that lasted for two days, temporarily relieved by acetaminophen tablets. Just like in the first episode, he had no prior illness.\nIn the third year from the onset of the first symptom, he developed an episode of generalized tonic-clonic convulsions associated with tongue biting, frothing from the mouth, and neck stiffness. This was followed by loss of consciousness. During hospitalization, he was once more treated for malaria.\nThese episodes of convulsions and loss of consciousness kept recurring yearly with increasing frequency and the duration of loss of consciousness in each episode until when he reported at our facility. In the past few months prior to presentation, he discovered having small skin nodules distributed on the neck, chest, and back. They were immobile, painless, and had no associated skin color changes (Figure ).\nPhysical examination revealed a stable adult patient, alert, afebrile, not pale or jaundiced, and with no lower limb edema. His pulse rate was 80 beats/min. Blood pressure was 141/90 mmHg. The respiratory exam revealed 28 breaths per minute, oxygen saturation on room air was 99%, and bronchovesicular breath sounds were heard. Normal S1 and S2 sounds were heard on the cardiac exam. There was no murmur or thrill. Skin exam revealed few visible scattered palpable skin nodules at the neck, chest, and back. The rest of the systemic exam was unremarkable. A provisional diagnosis of disseminated cysticercosis and hypertensive heart disease was made.\nHematological tests revealed a normal range of hemoglobin, leukocytes, and platelets. His blood lipid panel, blood renal, and liver profiles were unremarkable. Sickling test, rapid plasma reagin test for syphilis, and ELISA for the human immunodeficiency virus were all negative. Electrocardiography (ECG) exam revealed a normal sinus rhythm.\nCT scan of head and neck, chest, abdomen, and pelvis revealed multiple cystic lesions with dot sign diffusely distributed in the brain, neck, chest, including the heart, abdomen, and pelvis (Figure ).\nCardiac CT images showed multiple hypodense cystic lesions at the interventricular septum and papillary muscles (Figure ). CT chest, abdomen, and pelvis showed cystic lesions (Figures , ). Excision biopsy of two subcutaneous nodules was performed and confirmed cutaneous cysticercosis on the pathological exam. A final diagnosis of disseminated cysticercosis with cardiopulmonary involvement was made based on imaging and histology.\nThe patient was treated with albendazole 400mg twice a day for two weeks, followed by 400mg once a day for two weeks, prednisone 40mg, which was tapered down, and carbamazepine 200mg twice a day for two weeks. During treatment, the patient did not complain of seizures or loss of consciousness or headache. A follow-up CT scan confirmed that the cysts had markedly reduced in number and size, and many had become non-viable (Figures , , , , ). The patient is still on albendazole 400mg once a day and is regularly seen in the outpatient clinic with no further seizures with the plan to continue the albendazole for another four weeks.