A 39-year-old female presented to the outpatient clinic with the complaints of recurrent painless swelling in the left thigh and had a history of surgery twice for its removal. She was apparently well until 2001 when she noticed a painless swelling over left mid-thigh. The swelling progressively increased in size and she underwent surgical excision in 2005. She remained asymptomatic for the next 2 years when she again noticed a new swelling over the left distal thigh which was excised surgically in 2009. She remained asymptomatic for the next 3 years when she had a recurrent swelling over the left distal thigh. The swelling was progressively increasing in size and was associated with some discomfort. At the time of presentation to us, she had a large, oval, around 8 cm × 4 cm size, painless swelling over the medial aspect of the left distal thigh. There was a healed scar over the left medial thigh with quadriceps wasting. The swelling was intramuscular on clinical examination. Systemic examination was unremarkable. She was further evaluated with radiographs of the thigh which was suggestive of fibrous dysplasia. This led us to go for a thorough skeletal survey, which showed the involvement of the left femur and tibia (). She was also evaluated with magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) of whole of the thigh which showed two additional soft tissue masses; one in left mid-thigh and the other in the left inguinal region (). As the previous biopsy report was suggestive of myxoma, clinical diagnosis of Mazabraud’s syndrome was made. The patient decided for operative management of the large distal thigh symptomatic swelling and conservative management for the remaining two small, asymptomatic swelling. After informed consent, she underwent wide excision of the distal thigh swelling through the previous skin incision. The mass was intramuscular, located within vastus medialis. A single, globular, pale white, encapsulated nodular mass measuring 8 cm × 4 cm × 3 cm was excised (). The mass weighed around 88 g. Histopathological examination was suggestive of intramuscular myxoma (). No necrotic areas or atypical mitotic figures were identified, ruling out any malignancy. The patient was managed with weekly oral bisphosphonates for fibrous dysplasia, which was stopped after 1.5 years. A regular MRI every 6 months was advised to assess the recurrence and interval enlargement of the remaining two lesions. On follow-up, MRI was done 6 months postoperatively, and these two masses seemed to have slightly increased in size; however, the patient remained asymptomatic (). At latest follow-up after 2 years, the patient was pain free with no recurrence and the MRI showed decrease in the size of the mid-thigh lesion and minimal increase in the size of the left inguinal lesion ().