The adverse reaction to clozapine occurred in a 57-year-old married Caucasian woman with a long history of treatment-resistant chronic schizophrenia (ICD10 F20) who has required continuing care in hospital for many years, due to the severity of her condition. She first developed schizophrenia at around the age of 18 and has received antipsychotic medication for almost 40 years. There is a family history of schizophrenia with her son and a maternal cousin both having the condition. Despite the recognized advantages of treating many patients with schizophrenia in community settings, her symptoms - both positive and negative - have been resistant to a range of treatments and as a consequence she has been in hospital since 1985. Periodically, the patient can also exhibit challenging behaviour that requires skilled nursing support; on occasion, she has required nursing in the intensive psychiatric care unit rather than the rehabilitation ward. The patient has been prescribed many different antipsychotics over the 40 year duration of her illness, including second-generation (atypical) antipsychotic medication, with unfortunately no benefit to symptoms or functioning. A trial of clozapine in June 2003 was discontinued about a month later following development of acute renal failure, when she required transfer to the general hospital unit. At that time, the renal failure was attributed to clozapine by internal medicine specialists, although the patient was also taking lithium at this time, and developed secondary lithium toxicity with a peak lithium of 2.2 mmol/L before all medication was discontinued.\nIn November 2007, after a multidisciplinary case review, it was decided that the patient might benefit from a retrial of clozapine, especially given her failure to benefit from all atypical antipsychotics available in the UK. This was considered a reasonable strategy given that the adverse renal effects seen previously when clozapine had been introduced, were thought to have been caused, or exacerbated by, lithium carbonate. Given the severe and refractory nature of the patient's condition, and taking into account the circumstances of the previous trial of clozapine, there appeared compelling grounds for a reintroduction of clozapine. The patient's concomitant medication at the time of the retrial was olanzapine 10 mg and levomepromazine 75 mg at night and sodium valproate 1100 mg per day; for acute exacerbations of psychosis, haloperidol 5 mg IM was available. This combination of medication had been utilized for several months before the clozapine retrial, without evidence of adverse effects. Before the treatment trial of clozapine, treatment with levomepromazine was discontinued. Haematology and biochemistry blood results were normal when checked 3 days before clozapine was initiated.\nClozapine was started with a dose of 12.5 mg at night. On day 2 of clozapine treatment (12.5 mg in the morning and at night), the patient complained of feeling generally unwell and on examination was tachycardic (115 beats per minute) and pyrexial (37.5°C). On day 3 (12.5 mg clozapine in the morning and at night), the patient remained tachycardic and pyrexial (38.0°C). A urine dipstick test showed a trace of protein and the presence of red blood cells (RBCs) and the patient was presumed to have a urinary tract infection and was commenced on trimethoprim, after a urine (MSSU) sample had been sent for bacteriology. On day 4, the patient's pyrexia and tachycardia persisted, and clozapine was stopped; a total of five doses of clozapine had been given. Blood biochemistry revealed a markedly elevated C-reactive protein (CRP) of 197 mg/L; differential white cell count: lymphocytes 1.04 (1.3-3.5 × 109) and neutrophils 8.2 (2.0-7.5 × 109). All other results were normal including creatinine (87 μmol/L). Midstream specimen of urine showed scanty pus cells and organisms, but no RBCs, and no growth. The following day, trimethoprim was discontinued and amoxicillin commenced for a suspected chest infection. The raised temperature settled over the next few days, although the patient remained tachycardic. Blood biochemistry on day 8 showed CRP 138 mg/L, creatinine 126 μmol/L, and an estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) of 40 mL/min/1.73 m2. Biochemistry results on day 9 were creatinine 106 μmol/L, eGFR 50 mL/min/1.73 m2, and erythrocyte sedimentation rate (ESR) 70 mm/hour. Amoxicillin was discontinued after 5 days. Renal function returned to normal over the next few days.