We report on a case of a 68 year-old healthy female who initially presented to the emergency room with pain, redness, and swelling in the regions surrounding the proximal and radial aspect of the nail fold of her right thumb in May of 2009. She noted that she had worsening symptoms over the course of one week but no prior history of similar events. The patient denied any trauma to the digit. She underwent an incision and drainage of what was diagnosed clinically as a paronychia. Cultures were positive for Staphylococcus aureus and she received IV antibiotics. The patient was discharged in stable condition with resolution of her symptoms.\nShe then presented four months later with pain along the radial aspect of her thumb with scant serous drainage from the lateral nail fold. She also pointed out the presence of a small amount of granulomatous tissue, which was subsequently resolved. She was followed conservatively and the drainage ceased. She continued to note occasional pain in the radial aspect of her nail fold as well as the interphalangeal joint. At this time, she was found to have what appeared to be a nail deformity (). The patient was taken to the operating room for a biopsy. The biopsy specimen was notable for moderately differentiated squamous cell carcinoma as well as pyogenic granuloma.\nThe cells showed nuclear pleomorphism, atypia, with increased abnormal mitoses and areas of keratin formation. The patient subsequently underwent re-excision of the nail bed, nail fold, and bone in the biopsy area with local flap reconstruction. Margins of the resection were measured 5 mm from the biopsy incision.\nTwo focal areas of squamous cell carcinoma were noted in the bony segment on final pathology (~). The patient subsequently returned to the operating room for an amputation at the interphalangeal joint of the thumb. Due to the level of bony involvement, the patient underwent sentinel lymph node biopsy, which was negative for malignancy.\nWe employed the 7500 Real Time PCR system from Applied Biosystems for evaluation for the presence of human papillomavirus. DNA extracted from the specimen was probed for human papillomavirus (HPV) DNA isotypes 16 and 18. Neither HPV type 16 nor HPV type 18 was detected by Real time PCR. In order to further identify the presence of additional HPV isotypes, we utilized a qualitative in vitro diagnostic test for detection of fourteen high-risk HPV types through a pooled probe. The sample from total DNA extracted from tissue sections demonstrated a positive reaction only with HPV oligomix group 2, which includes oligonucleotides with target-specific affinity to HPV types 18, 39, 45, 59 and 68. Thus, at least one HPV isotype in our patient's specimen was positive.