A 55-year-old male reported with complaints of a gradually enlarging lump in the left side of the abdomen over a period of 5 months associated with dull aching pain and occasional vomiting. On examination there was a huge mass of around 25 × 20 cm spanning the whole abdomen with an irregular surface and variable soft to firm consistency. The ultrasonography of the abdomen suggested a large multiloculated cystic mass occupying the whole abdomen and pelvis, right kidney was normal but the left kidney could not be visualized. Contrast enhanced computer tomography of the abdomen showed a homogenous non enhancing retroperitoneal mass measuring approximately 17 × 21 cm with a mixed echogenic pattern in its anterolateral region (). The cystic mass occupied the whole of the abdomen displacing the pancreas and left ureter anteriorly and across the midline. A focus of calcification was seen at the pheriphery of the lesion. Left kidney and its pelvicalyceal system was not visualized. There was a loss of fat plans with the adjacent gut loops. An exploratory laparotomy was done and a large cystic mass with solid areas weighing around 7 kg was found in the left side of the abdomen adherent to the distal transverse colon, splenic flexure and the descending colon (). There was no identifiable left kidney. The tumor was resected en mass along with the adherent large bowel and a primary colo-colic anastamosis was done. The patient had an uneventful post operative course and was followed up for six months without recurrence.\nThe specimen grossly revealed 29 × 20 × 15 cm mass with marked congestion and a multinodular external surface, while the cut section revealed a multicystic mass with solid areas. Segment of large intestine measuring 5 cm was attached to it with no kidney identified grossly. Microsections showed a biphasic (epithelial and mesenchymal differentiation) malignant tumor with solid and cystic components infiltrating through the wall of the adherent bowel. However, the resection margins were free from the tumor. One of the sections showed a small amount of residual renal tissue at the periphery indicating that by and large the kidney was replaced by the tumor (). The immunohistochemistry panel revealed CD34, CD117, calretinin, desmin, LCA, synaptophysin and chromogranin negativity and, NSE positive (), patchy bcl2 positivity in ganglion cells and patchy EMA positive membrane. Hence the diagnosis of a retroperitoneal MPNST was made based on the clinic pathological co correlation.