Mrs. S, a 36-year-old patient underwent IVF for tubal factor infertility in January 2007, with beta human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) being positive on 20 Jan 2007. Early ultrasound showed a twin pregnancy, each containing a yolk sac and a live embryo. One sac was placed low towards the cervical canal while the other sac was placed towards the fundus, corresponding to 6 weeks of gestation. Early ultrasound suggested the possibility of a low implantation but did not confirm heterotopic pregnancy. On 4 Feb 2007, the patient was hospitalized in view of one episode of bleeding pervaginum. Keeping in mind the diagnosis of threatened abortion, she was managed conservatively and was discharged after 3 days. A repeat ultrasound at 7 weeks and 5 days of gestation confirmed the diagnosis of intrauterine and cervical heterotropic pregnancy []. The patient was readmitted on 19 Feb 2007. Fetal reduction of cervical pregnancy was performed under general anesthesia by injecting intrathoracic potassium chloride under transvaginal ultrasound guidance. The cardiac activity of the intrauterine fetus was found to be normal after the procedure was completed. The patient was discharged after 2 days. The rest of the pregnancy went uneventfully, except for mild vaginal spotting off and on. At 28 weeks of gestation, the patient was readmitted with asymmetrical intrauterine growth retardation. Fetal Doppler study on ultrasound showed reduced umbilical blood flows with adequate liquor and normal middle cerebral artery blood flows. She was serially monitored with biweekly ultrasound for fetal Doppler blood flow studies. At 31 weeks of gestation, a lower segment cesarean section was performed in view of absent end diastolic umbilical arterial fetal blood flow with reduced amniotic fluid index (amniotic fluid index 5). A male baby weighing 1.16 kg was born on 26 July 2007. Intraoperatively, the lower uterine segment showed presence of trophoblastic tissue and hemostatic sutures had to be taken in view of active bleeding from the anterior wall near the isthmus. The lower segment was ballooned up. Post-operative ultrasonography showed the presence of small amounts of trophoblastic tissue with low vascularity, suggestive of non-active tissue. Beta hCG levels performed immediately pre-operatively fell from 21,250 to 250 mIU/ ml 4 days after lower segment caesarean section. The patient was discharged on the 6th post-operative day in satisfactory condition. The baby was doing fine post-natally.