A 66-year-old male, with a BMI of approximately 28 kg/m2, presented to our surgery clinic for a symptomatic right lower quadrant trocar site hernia, following robotic assisted radical prostatectomy. In December of 2010 he underwent an uncomplicated robotic assisted radical prostatectomy. At the time of the operation a 12 mm trocar was placed in the right lower quadrant, and it is unclear from the operative note whether the fascia was closed at the conclusion of the operation. He recovered from the surgery without issue but unfortunately developed widely metastatic disease over the next 18 months. Upon presentation to our clinic in May of 2012, he was complaining of a two-week history of right lower quadrant pain and a newly discovered mass in the vicinity of a previous trocar site. He initially noted the onset of the pain when performing pull-ups at a local gym, at which time he noted pulling sensation in the right lower quadrant. Following the initial onset of symptoms, he continued to have pain in the area and noted an intermittent bulge as well. He presented for initial evaluation by his primary care provider who obtained a CT scan of the abdomen and pelvis. The scan revealed a 10 mm right lower quadrant hernia with herniated fat and a tubular structure which was read as a possible omental vessel, with concern for incarceration (). Upon reviewing the CT with the patient in clinic it was felt that the tubular structure was actually the vermiform appendix and thus laparoscopic incisional hernia repair was recommended.\nHe presented the following week for an elective hernia repair. Pneumoperitoneum was established through a 12 mm umbilical Hasson port. Two additional 5 mm ports were then placed, one in the left lower quadrant and one in the suprapubic area. On inspection of the abdomen there was no evidence of peritoneal disease. The right lower quadrant was then inspected, and as suspected from preoperative imaging a small hernia was identified which contained an incarcerated appendix (). The appendix was reduced from the hernia and during the reduction the mesoappendix was injured so a standard laparoscopic appendectomy was performed. Due to the concern for mesh infection following the appendectomy, the hernia was then closed primarily using 0-Ethibond sutures passed transfascially using a suture-passing device. The patient was discharged home from the recovery room and had no postoperative complications at his 2-week follow-up visit. He has no evidence of hernia recurrence at 12 months.