A 79 year old man presented with a discharging sinus in the epigastrium. He had undergone a mechanical aortic valve replacement for aortic stenosis 14 years ago which was followed 2 years later by repeat mechanical aortic valve replacement for streptococcal prosthetic valve endocarditis. His postoperative recovery following his second valve replacement was uneventful. He continued to be well and asymptomatic with a well healed sternal wound for the next 12 years. However, 12 years following his 2nd operation, he presented with a discharging sinus in epigastrium (fig ) which was initially treated with dressings and antibiotics by his GP. Exploration of the sinus under general anaesthetic was undertaken after the sinus failed to heal. The sinus was in communication with anterior mediastinum by penetrating the rectus sheath and was divided at the point of entry into mediastinum and removed. All sternal wires were removed. Microbiology of the excised tissue revealed staphylococcus aureus infection and this was treated with appropriate antibiotics for 4 weeks. However, the wound failed to heal although he never developed any signs of systemic illness. A CT scan of chest showed an encapsulated mass extending from ascending aorta to the diaphragm and normal sternum. Transthoracic echocardiography ruled out pseudoaneurysm of ascending aorta, prosthetic endocarditis or aortic root abscess. An MR scan confirmed a longitudinal retrosternal mass extending from mid ascending aorta to the diaphragm (figs and ) and cutaneous fistulization to the epigastrium through left rectus sheath.\nAn exploratory secondary median sternotomy was made with cardiopulmonary bypass on standby. Heart and the great vessels were dissected out within the pericardial cavity. A nonpulsatile longitudinal 15 cm mass was found on the anterior surface of ascending aorta and right ventricle along the entire length of anterior mediastinum. At the level of the diaphragm, the mass exited the mediastinum by penetrating the left rectus sheath and communicated with the skin in the epigastrium. At the junction of the superior 1/3 and inferior 2/3, there was a branching tract extending from the main tract to the right and inferiorly over right atrium and the hilum of right lung. The upper part of the mass was aspirated with a wide bore needle when thick cheesy material came out (fig ). The entire mass and the branching tract were laid open (fig ), only the middle 2 inches of the mass over the right ventricle having no lumen. The superior half of the tract that lay open was, interestingly, filled with old suture material and Teflon pledgets in addition to thick cheesy material mentioned before. The inferior part of the tract, that had fistulized through the rectus sheath to the epigastric skin, was filled with yellow fresh pus and a piece of old temporary pacing wire. Both the white cheesy material and the pus were sent separately for bacteriological analysis and both grew staphylococcus aureus. The upper mass was almost completely excised except for a thin rim posteriorly which was densely adherent to aorta and the adjacent right atrium and right ventricle. The lower mass was completely excised along with the contiguous portions of rectus muscle, xiphoid, subcutaneous tissue, the sinus and the core of the epigastric skin. Through the same incision, the diaphragm and peritoneum were opened. The greater omentum, based on the right gastroepiploic pedicle, was freed from the greater curvature of the stomach, divided to the far left of the stomach and transposed into the chest to cover the entire raw area of the excised mass and sinus and secured in place with stitches (fig ). Patient received intravenous antibiotics for 6 weeks and was discharge home thereafter, his sternal wound having healed satisfactorily. At follow up 2 years later, he remains fit and well.