A 10-month-old girl born of nonconsanguineous marriage with normal developmental history, with no prior medical problems, was brought to our emergency room with history of fall on the head when the child was trying to walk on her own. She cried for a brief period and there was no loss of consciousness. There was no vomiting or convulsions following the head injury. Next day morning, about 12 hours after the injury, child developed weakness involving right side of the face, right arm, and the right leg. Child was unable to sit or stand. On examination child was conscious and active showing decreased movements in the right half of the body with muscle power 2/5 in both right upper and lower extremity along with right sided UMN type of facial palsy, with a positive Babinski sign on the same side. There were no signs of raised intracranial pressure or meningeal irritation. Other neurological examinations were normal. Child did not have any signs suggestive of nonaccidental injury and did not have any external signs of trauma to the head or elsewhere on the body. Child had no clinical history suggestive of varicella, measles, or ear discharge in the past. There was no history of feeding difficulty which suggests that there was no lower cranial nerve involvement. Perinatal history was uneventful. There were no significant family history suggestive of thromboembolic disorders and no history of recent vaccination. Investigations like routine blood count, peripheral smear, serum electrolytes, bleeding, and coagulation profile were done and found to be within normal limits. MRI brain suggested acute infarct involving the left capsuloganglionic region (Figures and ). Child was managed conservatively with osmotic diuretics to reduce perilesional oedema and also was started on anticoagulant therapy subcutaneously. Low molecular weight heparin was given for a total of 5 days and was stopped without any continuation of oral antiplatelet therapy. Parents could not afford other relevant investigations including MRA, Doppler evaluation of the vessels, lipoprotein A and homocysteine estimation, protein C and S, antithrombin III, and antiphospholipid antibody. The child started moving her right leg with gain in power after 12 hrs of anticoagulant therapy. The facial paralysis and the hemiparesis improved following 5 days of treatment and the child was discharged with advice of physiotherapy. Neurological evaluation on follow-up after 10 days of treatment showed good clinical resolution, with power 5/5 in both right upper and lower limbs with normal reflexes and no residual facial weakness.