A 56-year-old male patient, whose plasmacytoma was enucleated 3 years ago from the medial side of the left mandible, was referred to our clinic due to his complaints of persistent orocutaneous fistula (Figures –). Past medical history revealed that the patient was operated three times to close the orocutaneous fistula by local flaps; however, none of these operations were successful. CT images of the patient demonstrated that the medial side of the left mandible was missing and there was a 3 × 2 cm diameter defect located between the left side of the mouth floor and the basis of the left mandible neighboring the left submandibular gland. The main reason of the failed attempts to close the fistula was considered to be the ineffective management of dead space surrounding the fistula. Consequently, it was decided to use the submandibular gland as a pedicled flap to fill the defect and support the oral and the cutaneous flaps.\nUnder general anesthesia, the fistula was excised initially and the oral and the cutaneous healthy soft tissues were prepared. At the extraoral site, the incision was extended to the posterior and anterior directions, following the previous incision lines. In the subplatysmal plane, the superficial layer of the neck fascia was dissected to reach the base of the mandible. After the dissection of the fascia, the submandibular gland and the base of the mandible were exposed, the soft tissues surrounding the submandibular gland were dissected, and the gland was mobilized by protecting the arteriovenous supply and the duct. At the oral site, the margins of the wound were released by blunt dissection and were closed by mattress sutures via 5/0 polypropylene. Following the mobilization of the gland, a soft tissue tunnel was prepared between the submandibular space and the defect area and the submandibular gland was rotated by passing the gland through the soft tissue tunnel by preserving the pedicle (). The rotated gland was sutured to the recipient site with 3/0 reabsorbable polyglaction sutures for the stabilization. At the cutaneous site, the flap was closed layer by layer by using 3/0 resorbable polyglaction for the facia and the subcutaneous layers and 3/0 polypropylene sutures for the skin. After the surgery, pressure bandage was applied for the edema control externally and the patient was ordered soft diet for a week. The postoperative healing was uneventful, and at the sixth month follow-up visit, ideal closure of the fistula was observed (Figures and ).