A 5-year-old male child came to the department of oral and maxillofacial surgery with a complaint of difficulty in opening the mouth for the past 2 years. The birth history was normal. No other member of the family was similarly affected. His mouth opening was normal until he met with a trauma with wooden thorn on the left cheek region. Thorn was removed by a surgeon immediately, but the patient had progressively reduced mouth opening since then. Computed tomography scan showed a radiodense mass extending in front of the anterior border of the ramus of the mandible, suggestive of ossified masseter muscle []. Magnetic resonance imaging revealed evidence of a large elongated T1–T2 intermediate signal intensity lesion with mild surrounding edema in the substance of left masseter muscle, abutting the ramus of left mandible likely to represent heterotopic bone formation (at the expected location of previous surgery for thorn extraction) []. This finding along with a history of trauma led us to the diagnosis of MOT.\nOn thorough probing into the history, the patient's father said that the patient had a history of pain and swelling in the left thigh region and limited movement of the left leg 3 years back when he was only 2 years old. The patient had consulted an orthopedic surgeon for further management of the same. His front and lateral leg radiograph showed bony growth over femur. Subsequent three X-rays of the leg were taken at an interval of 1 month which showed progressive increase in ossification [Figure -]. However, unfortunately, he was misdiagnosed for any bony growth in his left thigh and advised for surgical removal of the same. He got operated for the left leg in 2016; however, after operation, he had total immobility of the left leg. Postoperative radiograph of the leg showed cord-like ossification of the muscles and soft tissue of the left leg giving pattern of branching tree []. Local examination of the face showed that the mouth opening was reduced to nil []. A full-body examination revealed ossifications and a scar mark of previously operated site in the left leg regions []. In addition, microdactyly of the great toe on both the feet was seen []. Informed written consent was taken from the patient's parent.\nAll these clinical and radiographic features led us to conclude the diagnosis as FOP. The patient's parents were made aware of nature of disease and instructed to take possible precautions. We have kept him under observation because any surgical intervention of ossified muscle might lead to further deterioration of condition as it has been experienced by patient with two previous surgeries.