A 60 years old male presented in June 2010, to our department with complaints of severe pain and swelling in left hip and upper thigh region since last 2 days, following a history of trauma. He was unable to walk and bear weight on the left lower limb following the trauma. Pain was present on the anterior and lateral aspect of left hip and upper thigh region. It was constant in nature, was present even at rest, dull aching type, severe in intensity and aggravated by hip movements. It was accompanied with difficulty in walking due to pain and the patient was unable to bear weight on the left lower limb. It was also associated with diffuse swelling over the upper part of thigh.\nThe patient had a history of hip hemireplacement operation on the left side 5 years back. There was no other significant past history. Patient was a sedentary worker with no history of tobacco or drug intake. No sensitivity or allergy to any drug. There was no family history of tuberculosis or malignancy. On examination the left lower limb was externally rotated. There was a diffuse swelling over antero-lateral aspect of upper part of left thigh. The skin overlying the swelling was neither warm nor inflamed. There was deep tenderness over the swelling. Bony crepitus was present and there was loss of transmitted movements. There was no apparent shortening or true shortening. Straight leg raising test was negative. Distal neurovascular status of the limb was intact.\nRoutine blood investigations were under normal limits. Plain radiographs of the left hip and thigh showed a Vancouver type B1 periprosthetic fracture with a broken cemented bipolar prosthesis insitu []. There was sufficient bone stock and there was no osteopenia and osteolysis.\nThe patient was planned for surgery with options for internal fixation of the fracture with revision of the prosthesis, and reconstruction of proximal femur with proximal femoral mega prosthesis.\nThe hip was opened by posterior approach. The head of the broken prosthesis was removed easily but the stem was well fixed in the bone stock and could not be removed despite of all the efforts. So we opted for proximal femoral replacement with customized hip mega prosthesis. An osteotomy of the greater trochanter was performed and it was raised separately along with the attached abductors. The rest of the proximal part of the femur up to the fracture site was resected and removed along with the broken prosthesis. It was replaced by long stem steel cemented proximal femoral mega prosthesis. The remaining portion of the greater trochanter along with the abductors was attached to the ports provided at the lateral side of the prosthesis. Wound was closed over a suction drain. The patient was allowed to bear weight after removal of the stitches on the 12th post operative day with the help of four post walker. He has completed 2 years of follow up and is totally asymptomatic, pain free and walks independently without support.