A male patient aged 17 years and two months presented with a severe thoracolumbar SK. He was otherwise healthy but markedly overweight with a body mass index (BMI) of 37. There was no history of spinal infections or injuries and no skeletal dysplasias. There were no associated medical co-morbidities. He had been previously followed but not treated in another spinal unit since the age of 16 years during which period his kyphosis gradually progressed and became symptomatic. On presentation in our clinic, the patient complained of persistent back pain located in the thoracolumbar junction, which affected the level of his activities. The pain did not radiate to his legs and he had no neurological symptoms.\nOn clinical examination, he had a sharply angular kyphosis of 105° with the apex in the thoracolumbar junction, as well as bilateral hamstring tightness. Neurological examination was normal. There was an associated thoracolumbar scoliosis measuring 30° and no evidence of spondylolysis or spondylolisthesis. The lateral radiograph of the spine showed bridging osteophytes anteriorly across the apex of the kyphosis. Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) of the spine was performed when he was initially seen at the age of 16 years and showed spinal cord attenuation across the thoracolumbar junction but no cord signal change, no disc herniation and no intraspinal anomalies. There was also no evidence of the bridging osteophytes on the MRI which indicates that these developed spontaneously in order to stabilize the spine as the kyphosis progressed further and the disc spaces collapsed anteriorly. The MRI did not report fusion of the posterior elements across the levels of the kyphosis, as well as congenital vertebral abnormalities.\nIndications for surgery included severe back pain refractory to conservative measures and modification of activities, as well as the extreme degree of deformity and risk for further progression possibly causing neurological complications.\nThe patient underwent kyphosis correction at the age of 17 years and 11 months when the deformity measured 115° and only corrected to 100° on a supine hyperextension radiograph against the bolster. The surgery involved a combined single-stage anterior and posterior spinal arthrodesis extending from T4 to L3 with the use of posterior pedicle hook/screw/rod instrumentation and autologous rib bone graft. The anterior approach was performed through a right thoracotomy on the convexity of the scoliosis. The diaphragm was retracted distally but not divided in order to provide access to L1. During the anterior stage, the anterior longitudinal ligament was found to be ossified from T10 to L1 with bridging osteophytes extending circumferentially from T11 to T12 at the apex of the kyphosis and displacing the major vessels anteriorly. The intervertebral discs from T9 to T12 were very stenotic and immobile. The osteophytes were excised both on the convexity and concavity of the associated thoracolumbar scoliosis. The anterior longitudinal ligament was released and complete discectomies back to the posterior longitudinal ligament were performed from T7 to L1.\nDuring the posterior exposure, the spine was found to be spontaneously fused across the apex of the kyphosis from T9 to L1. There was no evidence of congenital vertebral anomalies. Extensive posterior apical closing wedge osteotomies were performed from T7 to T12. The fused facets and ossified ligamentum flavum were excised and the spine was mobilized at completion of the anterior and posterior osteotomies. The kyphosis was corrected using a cantilever maneuver with the rods simultaneously attached from proximal to distal under intraoperative spinal cord monitoring recording motor evoked potentials (MEPs), as well as cortical and cervical somatosensory evoked potentials (SSEPs). The spinal cord monitoring signals remained stable throughout the procedure. An excellent correction of the kyphosis to 58° was achieved []. Autologous rib graft harvested during the anterior stage of the procedure was used to enhance a bony fusion across the levels of the instrumentation.\nThe patient had an uncomplicated postoperative course and mobilized following application of a spinal brace to provide additional support. He was discharged 18 days after surgery. The brace remained for four months and the patient gradually returned to normal activities including sports six months after surgery. At latest follow-up, 2.6 years following kyphosis correction, the patient had no complaints of his back; he had normal activities and a BMI of 26. Radiographs of the spine showed no evidence of pseudarthrosis and no loss of kyphosis correction or junctional deformity either proximal or distal to the instrumentation.