A 25-year-old male came with complaints of pain in both groins for 1 month. Pain was more in the left groin compared to the right side. He is mason by occupation and his work involves lifting heavy objects such as stones but does not involve walking long distances. The weight of the stone was 10–15 kg and he had to lift the stones at least 3 to 4 hours a day amounting to a total of 100 to 150 stones. The pain was dull aching in nature, continuous, and nonradiating. Pain was aggravated on standing and walking. Patient was able to do all his routine activities but with pain. He was able to squat, sit, and walk. There was no history of any other comorbidities and past history and social history were not significant.\nOn clinical examination patient had an antalgic gait and there was no limb length discrepancy. There was tenderness present over the anterior joint line of both hip joints bilaterally. Extremes of rotation were painful with internal rotation being more severe. Power in both lower limbs was normal and neurovascular examination was normal.\nThe patient was evaluated by X-ray of both hip joints which showed a possible fracture line in the femoral neck on the left and no abnormality on the right (). On further investigation with MRI scan, a complete fracture line in the femur neck on the left side and an incomplete fracture line on the right side were seen (Figures , , and ). Patient was admitted, immobilised, and evaluated for the stress fracture with blood tests and DEXA scan. The tests revealed a normal blood picture and no abnormality was seen on tests done to rule out metabolic disorders. DEXA scan of lumbar spine also showed a normal T score.\nThe patient underwent surgery with internal fixation done using a 3 holed dynamic hip screw bilaterally on two sittings 2 days apart (). Weight bearing was initiated one and half months following the surgery with the aid of a walker. At 6 months and one year postoperatively patient was doing all his activities of daily living. On radiographic examination at 6 months and one year the X-ray did not show any evidence of avascular necrosis of the femur head ().