A 26-year-old man presented with melena and underwent upper gastrointestinal endoscopy and abdominal CT.\nEndoscopy showed a large submucosal tumor in the gastric body with concomitant bleeding from a large central ulceration containing fluid and residual contrast material from a previous barium study (). Endoscopic ultrasound similarly showed a large submucosal mass (). A first endoscopic biopsy result was non-specific and showed acute and chronic inflammation with ulceration. The second biopsy revealed ulceration and tissue granulation with foreign body giant cells suggestive of a barium granuloma.\nAn abdominal CT scan demonstrated about 5.5 × 3.2 cm sized, well-defined and large exophytically growing mass arising from the posterior aspect of the lesser curvature side in the gastric body. The mass showed a large ulceration at the gastric luminal side and a cavity in the central portion communicating with the gastric lumen. The bulk of the tumor was seen in an extragastric location with extensions into the gastrohepatic ligament and lesser sac. There was no evidence of direct invasion of the adjacent organs or peritoneal spread. No metastatic lesions or lymphadenopathy was seen in the abdomen or pelvis. The mass showed relative hypoattenuation on the precontrast images () and increased heterogeneous enhancement in the portal phase () and prolonged enhancement in the equilibrium phase images (). The radiologic findings were distinct from those of epithelial tumors and the possibility of a malignant gastrointestinal stromal tumor of the stomach was considered on CT. The mass was removed under general anesthesia by laparoscopic wedge resection of the stomach. During laparotomy there was a round and well demarcated mass arising from the lesser curvature side of the gastric body, and there were prominent vessels around the mass with no detected ascites and no adhesion to the adjacent structures. On gross pathology, the specimen consisted of a portion of the stomach measuring 8.5 × 5 cm with an attached ovoid and lobulated rubbery to firm solid mass measuring 5.4 × 5.2 × 4 cm. The mucosa of the stomach was retracted by underlying the attached mass. Sectioning of the specimen revealed a well demarcated and relatively homogeneously yellow colored mass involving the submucosa and muscular layer ().\nMicroscopic examination indicated that the mass was composed of a patternless proliferation of bland spindle cells with abundant perivascular and intercellular mature collagen formation (). There were few mitotic cells and no nuclear atypia observed in 10 high-power fields, nor any tumor necrosis, suggesting high grade malignant degeneration.\nImmunohistochemistry showed that the neoplastic cells were strongly and diffusely positive for CD34 and negative for c-kit (CD117) (), and they were also positive for S-100 and negative for both smooth muscle actin and desmin. Because solitary fibrous tumor rarely develop in the stomach, kit negative GIST was considered as its alternative and PDGFRA gene analysis was performed. However, there was no mutation in the result of PDGFRA gene analysis. Although S-100 positive finding can be seen in neurogenic tumors such as schwannoma, there were no histologic findings suggestive of neurogenic tumor such as nuclear palisading, whorling of the cells and Verocay bodies. Moreover, CD34 test result was positive which are very exceptional in the case of neurogenic tumor, thus greatly diminishing the possibility of neurogenic tumor as its final diagnosis. Conclusively, all these findings are diagnostic for solitary fibrous tumors. The patient's melena resolved following removal of the tumor and the subsequent one year of follow up has revealed no evidence of recurrence or metastasis in this patient.