A 22-year-old male, driver of the car was involved in a road traffic accident when his car hit against a bridge with his ipsilateral hip and knee in flexion. He presented to the emergency department in 4 h injury time with painful deformities of the right hip and knee, along with Type I open wound right leg with abnormal mobility suggestive of fracture in the ipsilateral leg. On examination, he was drowsy and disoriented with a Glasgow Coma Scale 8/15 and found to be hemodynamically unstable. Physical examination of the extremities revealed a flexed and adducted right hip with the right knee flexed to 30° and with posterior dislocation (). Neurovascular examination revealed common peroneal nerve palsy and absent distal pulses. However, the Doppler showed weak signals over posterior tibial and dorsalis pedis artery, and the toes were found to be warm with delayed capillary filling. Computed tomography (CT) brain showed acute hemorrhagic contusion. Radiographs showed a posterior dislocation of the right hip and posterior dislocation of right knee with comminuted fracture right distal tibia ().\nThe patient was intubated and hemodynamically stabilized and immediate closed reduction was attempted. The Firstly, an ankle spanning exfix was applied to address the distal tibial fracture, and the knee dislocation was reduced by gentle traction given to the leg. Further traction on the right hip with the hip in 90° flexion with an assistant stabilizing the pelvis reduced the right hip dislocation, which was found to be stable after reduction. Then, ankle spanning external fixator extended to span the knee. Immediately following the procedure, distal pulses were clinically not palpable but relatively good flow was noted in the Doppler both in the posterior tibial and dorsalis pedis artery. The foot continued to be warm with good capillary filling of the toes. The patient was on continued ventilator support for 48 h in Intensive Care Unit and serial monitoring of the right lower limb vascularity was done using Doppler. Post reduction CT of the pelvis showed only a minor posterior wall fracture with congruently reduced hip joint () allowing conservative management. Distal pulses were felt clinically from 4th day following which locking compression plate fixation of distal tibia was done. The patient general condition improved and discharged after 3 weeks.\nAt 6 weeks, external fixator was removed and bone grafting was done for the distal tibial fracture and the right knee gently manipulated. The distal tibial fracture healed in 4 months with good recovery of common peroneal nerve. The knee flexion was 0-130° with posterior sagging and multidirectional instability. Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) of right knee showed posterior cruciate ligament (PCL) avulsion fracture and lateral collateral ligament avulsion fracture (). It was planned arthroscopic evaluation which showed a torn PCL at tibial attachment and torn anterior cruciate ligament (ACL) at anterolateral bundle but the continuity maintained with posterolateral bundle. Arthroscopic PCL reconstruction using bio screws and open posterolateral corner repair using hamstring graft and endobutton was done. Post-operative rehabilitation included the protocol for multi-ligament instability. At 2 years follow-up, he had full range of movements at the right hip and knee. Radiographs of the pelvis showed a viable femoral head without signs of avascular necrosis. There was complete recovery of the common peroneal nerve (, ). The knee was stable and he returned to his preinjury level of activity.