A 46-year-old man with diabetes mellitus presented to the emergency department at our hospital with symptoms of right foot pain and fever. The patient developed ASO in the right lower extremity as a complication of diabetes. Arterial occlusion started from 10 cm distal to the knee joint and involved the anterior tibial artery, posterior tibial artery, and peroneal artery. The patient had already had right second and third metatarsophalangeal joint disarticulations in the plastic surgery department of our hospital. Nevertheless, infection and necrosis in the right foot progressed rapidly and worsened to a condition requiring additional surgery (). However, because a tibial IM nail had been inserted into the ipsilateral limb, the patient was referred to the orthopedic surgery department.\nAbove-knee and through-knee amputations were also considered surgical options for the patient. However, it was determined that the blood flow to the distal part of the popliteal artery was intact. Also, infection and necrosis had not progressed beyond the foot. The skin color of the right calf seemed healthy on physical examination. Therefore, we decided to remove the tibial IM nail and perform a below-knee amputation. However, performing additional surgery around the knee joint to remove the tibial IM nail was thought to have a high possibility of complications. Thus, surgery was planned to remove the amputated limb and IM nail at the same time by performing an amputation with the nail fixed on the ankle by distal locking screws.\nThe tibial bone cutting level was determined by referring to the lateral view of the tibial plain radiograph. The tibial IM nail is designed to have an anterior angulation in the proximal part. Therefore, if tibial bone cutting is performed distal to the angulation of the nail, the nail may not be removed from the proximal part of the tibia due to the angulation of the nail. Therefore, we decided to perform tibial bone cutting at the point of the anterior angulation in the nail to leave as much of the tibia as possible (). In this patient, the anterior angulation of the tibial nail was about 10 cm away from the tibial plateau on the X-ray, so tibial bone cutting was performed 10 cm away from the tibial plateau.\nThe patient was positioned in a supine position on the operating table. A nonsterile tourniquet was applied to the upper thigh for use in case of major bleeding, and surgery was initiated without inflation of the tourniquet under general anesthesia. Most of the surgery was performed similarly to the typical transtibial amputation procedure, and a long posterior flap was used. The skin incision was designed for a long posterior flap, and an incision was made in the skin and fascia. The anterior and lateral compartment muscles were divided. During dissection, the anterior tibial artery and vein were ligated. The fibula and tibia were exposed, and the proximal interlocking screw of the tibial nail was removed. Among the proximal interlocking screws, the screw located at the distal part was removed from the exposed tibia without an additional incision. The remaining proximal interlocking screw was removed by making a minimal incision of about 7 mm in the previous surgical scar. Next, tibial cutting was performed. Using a ruler, a site about 10 cm away from the tibial plateau was measured and marked on the tibia, and the tibia was cut using an oscillating saw, except the IM nail. A sagittal cutting blade was used for the blade of the oscillating saw. However, the posterior surface of the tibia was cut using a reciprocating blade while protecting the deep posterior compartment with Adson tissue forceps. The fibula was cut 1 cm proximal to the tibia using an oscillating saw and bone cutter. The posterior flap was made by completely separating the posterior musculature from the tibia and fibula. At this point, the amputated limb and lower extremity were connected only by the IM nail inserted into the tibia. Insert an osteotome into the tibial osteotomy gap with a mallet to expand the gap. If the opening of the osteotomy seems insufficient, use 2 or 3 stacked osteotomes or thicker osteotome until the osteotomy is opened to the desired extent. After widening the gap to about 2-3 mm, gentle traction and a twisting force were applied several times on the amputated limb. Then, the amputated limb was separated from the proximal tibia with the IM nail connected (). The anterior lip of the tibia was beveled. The tibial, peroneal, and sural nerves were sharply divided and allowed to retract to prevent neuroma formation. The bulky soft tissue of the posterior flap was trimmed to create a properly shaped posterior flap. After irrigation and drainage insertion, the deep fascia and skin were sutured without tension (). No hardware remained after surgery ().