A 31-year-old male patient was referred from the department of plastic surgery for the fabrication of an auricular prosthesis for his missing right side ear. The ear was lost as a consequence of a road traffic accident a few years ago. The patient was initially attempted for surgical reconstructing of the artificial ear using cartilage and alloplastic graft materials. As the reconstruction did not provide pleasing esthetics, it was later removed, and the patient was referred for prosthetic replacement of the missing ear. After due examination and obtaining patient's informed consent, two implants' supported custom silicone auricular prosthesis was agreed upon as the best treatment modality for the patient. Presurgical cone-beam computed tomography (CBCT) scans were made with a radiographic stent with radio-opaque markers in different probable implant positions. The scans were used to assess the proximity of dura, sigmoid sinuses, and any other limiting anatomical structure from the planned implant positions. The same radiographic stent was modified and converted into a surgical stent to conform to the planned implant sites. Two dental implants were placed at sites 11:30 and 9:30 o'clock positions at approximately 20 mm distance from the center of the external auditory meatus.[] Thinning out of the basal tissue bed was also carried out in the same surgical appointment taking into consideration the presence of residual graft material from the previous reconstruction procedure lying in the tissue bed. The implants were left to heal for 3 months. Despite the attempted thinning of the tissue bed, fresh CBCT scans revealed the tissue thickness from the top of the implant surface to the external skin surface to be in the range of 7–11 mm over both the implants at various sites []. Only custom made healing abutment of a height higher than 11 mm could prove useful in maintaining the patency of the passage from the external skin surface to the implant chamber and prevent tissues from sagging in as they heal postsurgical exposure. In this scenario, where uncertainty prevailed with regards to obtaining precise custom healing abutments to suit the clinical requirements, CBCT DICOM (.dcm) files were converted into standard tessellation language using a software (Mimics Innovation Suite 17, Materialise, Technologielaan, Leuven, Belgium). 12 mm long healing abutments were designed using CAD [Figures and ] and were then milled (CAM) in PEEK material. The healing abutments were sterilized, and readied for connection to the fixture well before the patient was scheduled for the second stage implant exposure [Figures and ]. No adverse reaction like purulent discharge, severe pain, swelling, or any other sign of periimplantitis was encountered during the entire follow-up period of 4 weeks with PEEK abutments []. The patient was taken up in the conventional manner of impressions and technique to fabricate a titanium bar framework to support a silicone auricular prosthesis over the implants [Figures -].