A 33-year-old pregnant woman was admitted to our department in the 16th week of her first gestation because of suspicion during a routine ultrasound of decreased fetal movements and fetal malformation consisting of postural deformity of both lower limbs associated with a uterine fibroid. The family history was unremarkable and the mother's medical history nonsignificant except for the presence of two intramural uterine myomas diagnosed before the current pregnancy and smaller than 47 mm in maximum diameter in previous control one year before gestation.\nOur ultrasound investigation verified the presence of an intramural-submucosal tumor with a muscular echogenic pattern and a size of 110 × 88 mm in the anterior uterine wall near to the internal cervical os and another intramural one with a size of 28 × 21 mm in the uterine fundus. Fetus presented a normal heart rate pattern and was observed with absent movements and displaced to the right uterine wall in an abnormal position, with hyperextension of head and strongly flexed lower limbs (). Fetal measures according to the gestational age and the amount of amniotic fluid were normal. On the basis of these findings, the diagnosis of arthrogryposis secondary to fetal akinesia due to giant leiomyoma was done.\nAccording to the Spanish legislation, the parents decided the elective termination of pregnancy. A vaginal delivery was induced with local prostaglandins without complications. At the time of birth, the fetus had not cardiac activity and showed external male genitals, a weight of 105 g and a length of 125 mm. His position consisted of internal rotation of the shoulders and stiffness of the limbs with symmetrically flexed and fixed elbows and wrists and severe equinovarus deformities of the feet ().\nThe pathology report concluded that internal organs of the fetus did not present abnormalities. Histopathological examination reported extraconnective tissue developed around the joints and tissue between the muscle fibers swollen with the presence of red blood cells. Chromosomal analysis was normal and the study of fetal DNA excluded the spinal muscular atrophy because there were no deletions of the SMN1 gene.