A 60-year-old male patient reported to the clinics with a chief complaint of vesicular eruptions on the left side of the face since 5 days. Past medical history was not contributing and the patient reported burning sensation in the affected area. The localization and distribution of the skin findings were distinctive and presented as ulcers ranging from 4 mm to 0.5 cm interspersed with crustaceans, extending on the left half of the face, characteristically not crossing the midline []. Intraoral examination revealed similar vesicular eruptions on the left side of the mid-palatine suture involving the hard and soft palate, not crossing the midline. Based on the clinical findings, the patient was diagnosed as herpes zoster involving the ophthalmic and maxillary division of the trigeminal nerve. After a thorough medical evaluation and required investigations, the patient was put on antiviral therapy, Acyclovir 800 mg orally 5 times daily for 7 days. To combat pain, tramadol 50 mg twice daily was given. At 4 weeks follow-up revealed good improvement in lesions, the lesions of the face and palate showed remission []. Patient reported of reduction in burning sensation, but persistent pain. Patient gave a history of continuous stabbing and burning type of pain with periods of exacerbations and remissions. Patient reported of exacerbation of pain with even a light touch of clothing in the left middle half of the face, a stimulus that does not usually evoke pain (allodynia). The region from the ala of the nose to the lower canthus of the eye and laterally up to the malar region evoked pain on touch indicative of trigger zones. A new treatment approach was tried in this patient. All the other medications were stopped and the patient was given Streptomycin sulfate injections 1 g mixed with 2% lidocaine deposited in the peripheral region of posterior superior alveolar nerve and the infra orbital area []. The injections were given bi-weekly for the first 6 weeks and followed once every alternate week for the next 4 weeks. Patient showed marked improvement in symptoms after 6 weeks and complete remission of pain in the following 4 weeks. Patient was followed-up for the next 1 year and remained pain free.