A male patient aged 42 years reported to the department of maxillofacial surgery with the chief complaint of painless huge growth over left eye and loss of vision. History revealed that the patient was apparently alright 2 years back, when he first noticed a small pea nut size ulcerative growth over left lower eyelid near medial canthus. The growth was painless and persistent in growth. It was not associated with any kind of pain or fever. Initially eye site was normal but as the growth increased his vision started to diminish from left eye due to the increase in the size of growth, approximately 1 year before patient completely loses his vision from left eye. Only due to his extremely poor economic conditions he could not seek any sort of medical treatment.\nOn clinical examination the growth extended superoinferiorly from supraorbital ridge to ipsilateral alae of nose and mesiodistally from right inner canthus of eye to left side of maxillary buttress crossing midline (). Personal history was negative for any detrimental habits. On palpation superficial cervical nodes were not palpable. The growth was ulcerative, exophytic, and fungating and exudates were present. It was approximately 6 × 5 cms in size. The vision from right eye was normal and ocular movements in all directions were intact. All other parameters were within normal range. HR-CT scan was advised. The axial and coronal sections showed large homogenous mass covering the whole left orbit involving the globe but no erosive damage was seen in any of the bony structures (). Correlating the clinical history, examination, and radiological findings a provisional diagnosis of carcinoma of left lower eyelid was suggested. Incisional biopsy was performed and histopathological report revealed dermal invasion by abnormal cells from the epidermis, pleomorphism of the tumour cells with presence of keratinization within the cells which give the cells abundant pink cytoplasm, and intraepithelial keratin in the shape of a whorl which confirmed the diagnosis of squamous cell carcinoma of lower eyelid involving the whole of the eye (). With all blood investigations repeated and keeping in mind the due risk of surgery in such a massive lesion, wide local excision of the tumour along with removal of all the contents of the respective orbit was planned along with elective neck dissection (Levels I and II). The patient was intubated using orotracheal intubation; skin incision was marked around the tumour leaving 1 cm of healthy looking skin all around which was quite a daunting task looking at the size of the tumor (). As the tumour was engulfing the whole of the globe as well as retrobulbar contents with the due consultation with the ophthalmologist, complete orbital exenteration was performed (). Elective neck dissection (I-II) performed simultaneously, and all the nodes and resected specimen were sent for the histopathological analysis. Next the pedicled temporalis muscle flap was harvested and was transpositioned medially onto left side of orbit and sutured with skin over the bridge of the nose (). Passive tube drain was placed beneath the temporalis muscle flap to drain any collection into the orbit. Split thickness skin graft was harvested from anteromedial side of left thigh approximately 4 × 3 inches and placed over the temporalis muscle flap (). The patient showed good compliance and the flap healed uneventfully.\nThe postsurgical histopathology reports confirmed the tumor-free surgical margins and the preoperative biopsy findings. All the nodes harvested from neck were free from metastasis. The patient was sent for radiotherapy (RT), 70 grays (Gy) for a period of six weeks. The patient is in follow-up for the past 10 months with no signs of recurrence or discomfort (). Ocular prosthesis was planned but looking retrospectively at the size of the tumor we still defer ourselves from giving the prosthesis and decided to wait for another 12 months.