A 44-year-old woman was admitted to our outpatient clinic presenting with dysuria and intermittent hematuria for 2 years. She had a medical history of insertion of an IUD inserted 9 years ago. Three months after the insertion of IUD, she fell pregnant unexpectedly. It was her third pregnancy when she was 35 years old and previously she had two children who were 9 and 10 years old at that time. At the visit for pregnancy, the string of the device had not been detected by her gynecologist and it was assumed that IUD had been expelled spontaneously. She had continued her pregnancy and had a normal vaginal delivery without complication. Forty days after delivery, a second IUD had been inserted for contraception. After insertion of the second IUD she had no complaint in the following six years. The second IUD was removed 2 years before her presentation by her gynecologist because of the persistent urinary symptoms which was of newly onset. Physical examination at that time did not show any remarkable finding. Urinalysis was indicative of pyuria and hematuria and urine culture was negative. Abdominal ultrasonography revealed an echogenic intravesical lesion measuring about 27 mm with distal acoustic shadow suggestive of a foreign body or calculus. Plain radiography of the pelvis was not informative enough to show details of a foreign body.\nBecause of a lost IUD history and abnormal localized hyperechogenic lesion which was suggestive of a foreign body, we had planned a medical consultation to obstetric and gynecology department. Gynecologic examination reported that there were no visible strings of an IUD and cervix was closed. Transvaginal ultrasonography had revealed that more than half of the echogenic foreign body seemed to be in the bladder and a small part of it in the uterovesical space (). For confirmation and definitive diagnosis, cystoscopic evaluation was performed under local anesthesia and revealed a partially embedded intravesical IUD on the posterior bladder wall, complicated with a stone formation (Figures and ). So the patient underwent endoscopic surgery and the stone around the IUD was crushed using holmium laser lithotripsy. After complete disintegration and extraction of fragmented stones, the IUD was removed through the cystoscope using mechanical forceps (). The operation time was 50 minutes. The urethral catheter was removed and the patient was discharged on the postoperative day. She was followed up for three months. At the first and third month visit, physical examination and urinalysis were normal.