A 79-year-old right-handed male with a medical history of diabetes, hypertension, coronary artery disease, and chronic kidney disease underwent the EVAR procedure with a left renal stent for an incidental finding of a juxtarenal AAA on CT scan (). According to the vascular surgery operative report, the procedure was completed successfully through access of the bilateral femoral arteries and the left brachial artery (). After the procedure, there was no immediate recognition of any major complications other than a small contained hematoma at the brachial catheter insertion site that formed after withdrawal of the catheter.\nThe patient then presented to our outpatient pain management clinic 2 months following the procedure with symptoms of atrophy and weakness of the left forearm and pain in the left hand. During the initial examination, a pulsatile mass of 2–4 cm was palpated in the medial left upper arm in the antecubital fossa. Motor assessment of the upper extremities revealed bilateral biceps flexion/extension 4/5, left finger flexion 2/5, and left hand grip 2/5. The patient's presentation was concerning for an aneurysm of the left brachial artery. An immediate ultrasound of the left upper extremity was ordered and revealed a pseudoaneurysm of the left brachial artery. The patient was urgently referred to vascular surgery and was taken to the operating room to repair the pseudoaneurysm the following day.\nFour months after repair of the pseudoaneurysm, the patient returned to our clinic and his left upper extremity sequelae worsened. He now demonstrated significant guarding of his left hand and allodynia to the median nerve distribution and had skin changes and contracture of his digits with significant weakness and atrophy. An X-ray of the hand demonstrated significant osteopenia. A diagnosis of CRPS type II was established. The patient was referred for conservative treatment, which included but was not limited to pharmacologic intervention, occupational therapy for desensitization, and stellate ganglion blocks. The patient failed these conservative treatment measures, and 3 months after diagnosis he died as a result of sequelae from a respiratory infection unrelated to the current case.