This is a 63-year-old female who was referred to the radiotherapy clinic at our tertiary hospital in December 2016, for consideration of adjuvant radiotherapy for a resected retrorectal adenocarcinoma with a positive margin.\nThe patient provided a remote history of a congenital cyst that had been surgically removed when she was a newborn. Her past surgical history was also significant for a hysterectomy and unilateral oophorectomy, which were performed to address a fibroid and benign ovarian cyst more than 17 years prior to this presentation. Her past medical history was significant for diabetes, high blood pressure, high cholesterol and acid reflux. Her current presentation was that of a recent, progressive gluteal swelling associated with chronic lower back pain, which has progressed in the few months prior to presentation. Upon presentation, a cystic mass was felt in the gluteal area and needle aspiration was attempted. Over the following couple of weeks, the cystic fluid reaccumulated and she apparently developed multiple abscesses and fistulas.\nThe patient underwent surgical resection of the cystic mass through a posterior approach and recovered well from her surgery. Her back pain had completely resolved. At her first visit to our tertiary center, the only finding in her exam was that of thickening in the gluteal area scar.\nHer initial blood work revealed normal blood counts, and normal liver and renal profiles. CEA and CA 19–9 levels were not obtained at her initial presentation. The initial fluid aspirate was negative for malignancy. The final pathology of the resected mass was positive for mucinous adenocarcinoma arising within a cystic hamartoma. A review of the slides at another private tertiary hospital revealed a mucinous adenocarcinoma; primary ovarian or cervical primaries were to be excluded.\nA review of the slides was performed at our hospital. The microscopic description was that of an invasive mucinous adenocarcinoma, as evident throughout the provided tissue samples. The mucin had extravasated to the surrounding tissue and elicited a histiocytic reaction (). The tumor was seen at the margin and reached the skin’s surface with ulceration. Features associated with teratoma, epidermoid, duplication, or tailgut cyst were not seen.\nImmunohistochemistry was positive for CK7 (diffuse, strong cytoplasmic), CEA (diffuse, moderately strong, cytoplasmic), and CDX2 (focally strong, nuclear), and negative for 4CK 20, P 16, GCDFP, ER, and p63.\nAt presentation, an MRI scan of the pelvis was obtained and revealed a large, multiloculated cyst in the ischiorectal fossa, with a clear fat plane between the cyst and the rectum. No other abnormality was noted on MRI. The uterus and ovaries could not be visualized on MRI. Unfortunately, we could not retrieve the first MRI image from the other hospital.\nStaging CT scan of the chest, abdomen, and pelvis, as well as a postoperative MRI of the pelvis, were obtained after referral to our hospital. The CT of the chest was unremarkable for any metastatic disease. The CT of the abdomen revealed an ill-defined, solid mass at the right adnexa measuring 3.2 cm that could represent ovarian metastases or a metastatic lymph node; an inguinal lymph node measuring 1.6 cm was also noted on the left side (). As a result, an ultrasound of the pelvis was obtained and revealed a solid mass arising from the right adnexa, but no further characterization was possible. An MRI scan of the pelvis revealed fluid collection with high signal intensity and no enhancement on postcontrast images at the presacral region, likely representing a hematoma at the surgical area. The surgical bed demonstrated diffuse, soft-tissue edema and muscular edema, primarily involving the gluteus muscle associated with enhancement. There was circumferential wall thickening involving the rectum. The right ovary was well visualized and appeared unremarkable. There was a left inguinal lymph node measuring 1.4 cm, most likely representing a metastatic lymph node.\nSince the question arose of whether a gynecological or gastrointestinal primary mass was present, the patient was referred to a gastroenterologist and a gynecologist. The patient underwent a colonoscopy, which did not reveal any perianal, rectal, or colonic masses. As the MRI did not reveal any abnormality in the ovary and given that the patient was examined by a gynecologist who did not find any abnormalities, a gynecological malignancy had also been ruled out.\nThe patient was discussed at the tumor board. Given the remote history of the cyst and the absence of a clear primary gastrointestinal mass, the potential diagnosis of an adenocarcinoma arising in a recurrent cyst was thought to be likely, with the main differential being an occult adenocarcinoma of the rectum. The decision was made to proceed with chemotherapy. The patient received five cycles of XELOX chemotherapy (capecitabine and oxaliplatin), starting 6 weeks after her surgery.\nOnce the patient completed her chemotherapy course, a repeat staging work-up was obtained. The CT of the abdomen and pelvis revealed heterogeneous soft tissue thickening of the rectum, and clinical examination and proctoscopy/biopsy to exclude recurrent disease in the rectum was recommended. A mild reduction in the size of the metastatic left inguinal lymph node was noted. The chest CT scan did not reveal any mediastinal or pulmonary metastases. The patient was again discussed at the tumor board and the recommendation was to have her assessed by a surgical oncologist, and to repeat the colonoscopy to exclude rectal or colonic disease. The repeat colonoscopy did not reveal any masses, and a few polyps were removed and were benign. The patient was seen by the surgical oncologist and thickening at the sacrum in proximity to the previous resection was again noted, as was the inguinal lymph node. Fine-needle aspiration of the inguinal lymph node was obtained and was positive for metastatic adenocarcinoma. A CT-guided biopsy of the thickened sacral area was also obtained and revealed adenocarcinoma ().\nFour months after the completion of chemotherapy, a repeat MRI scan was done. It showed a large, speculated, intense, enhancing, soft-tissue mass at the surgical bed. It measured 9 cm×5.3 cm (). The tumor was inseparable from the coccyx and was associated with multiple enlarged mesorectal lymph nodes measuring up to 5 mm. There was a large, pelvic lymph node on the left-side wall. Multiple foci of cystic components were also identified adjacent to the tumor. The rectum was unremarkable. In conclusion, there was significant Interval progression at the surgical bed of the tumor, in keeping with recurrence. The patient was again discussed at the tumor board, and the surgical oncologist advised that she had unresectable disease. The patient with then referred to the radiation oncology service for palliative radiotherapy, as she started complaining of pain at this time.\nIn October 2017 (10 months after diagnosis), the patient completed a long course of high-dose palliative radiation therapy. She received a dose of 45 Gy in 28 fractions to the entire pelvis and inguinal area, with concomitant 58.8 Gy delivered to the sacral mass and the enlarged inguinal lymph node ().\nIn January 2018, the patient repeated the MRI scan, and no significant interval change was noted. She continued to suffer from moderate to severe pain and was referred to the pain clinic, as her pain was not responding to regular narcotics. A superior hypogastric nerve block was administered to her.\nA repeat MRI in March 2018 revealed stable disease in the pelvis; however, now in the field of view of this MRI scan were new bone lesions at the level of the lumbar spine. In April 2018, a repeat CT scan of the abdomen and pelvis, as well as a CT scan of the chest revealed no distant metastatic disease apart from the bone metastasis. At this point, the patient’s clinical presentation included non-healing ulcers in the sacral area with skin nodules. Her CEA measured 21.9 and her carcinoembryonic antigen (CA)19.9 measured 4767. She was re challenged with maintenance capecitabine. reflects the change in her CEA level over the clinical course.\nThe patient was last seen at our hospital in December 2018. At that time, she demonstrated major clinical progression and had a poor performance status. Her chemotherapy was stopped, as she had refused further treatment apart from pain and symptom management.\nThe patient was last seen in our hospital in December 2018. According to her family, she died on March 26, 2019 (28 months after her diagnosis). She had suffered from severe anemia and went into a coma secondary to a major stroke, potentially having suffered from disseminated intravascular coagulation.