A 48-year-old female patient (gravid 3, para 1) visited the private hospital because of urinary incontinence and lower abdominal discomfort. On the abdominal computed tomography (CT) scan, heterogeneously enhanced mass measuring 8 cm in size nearby the uterus and right ovary was not detected exactly. CT finding suggested the highly possibility of right adnexal tumor. The patient underwent laparoscopic exploration for treatment of this tumor. However, there was no definite abnormality on both adnexae and uterus grossly and the retroperitoneal mass on right side of uterus was detected in the operative field. The patient was referred to our institution for further evaluation and definitive treatment of right retroperitoneal pelvic mass. She had no previous medical illness except surgical history of appendectomy 22 years ago. Abdominal and vaginal examination revealed non-specific findings without palpation of abdominal mass and the laboratory findings are within normal limit including tumor marker.\nAbdominal ultrasonography revealed the right adnexal mass with echogenicity and this mass was abutting to uterus. Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) demonstrated 8 cm-sized, enhancing mass attached to right adnexa and the uterus. This mass had the low signal intensity on T1-weighted images and heterogeneous, high signal intensity on T2-weighted images (). Because the previous laparoscopic exploration was negative for abnormality of right ovary, the ovarian tumor was excluded on diagnosis of the patient. Other possible diagnosis on MRI finding was mesenchymal sarcoma because the tumor had similar intensity to the muscle of uterus meaning originated from muscle but it looked like as separate from the uterus. Based on the imaging findings, the patient was diagnosed preoperatively as mesenchymal sarcoma on pelvic cavity and exploratory laparotomy was planned for removal the pelvic mass.\nAfter laparotomy via lower midline incision, the careful examination of pelvic cavity was performed. On the operative fields, the uterus was found to be normal size with smooth contour and there was no abnormal finding on both ovaries and fallopian tubes (). The retroperitoneal tumor of size 8 × 6 cm was palpated beneath the right broad ligament of uterus and was exposed during the opening of the broad ligament (). After the exposure the retroperitoneal space, careful dissection of the tumor was performed from adjacent organs including uterus and right iliac vessels and the retroperitoneal tumor was excised completely (). This tumor was attached to the right surface of uterus without any connection of uterus except the thin fibrous membrane. However, neither invasion nor adhesion to adjacent organs was observed.\nOn the gross findings, the tumor was well-encapsulated and contained some part of myxoid degeneration (). Hematoxylin and eosin staining revealed the intersecting fascicles of spindle cells (). The immunohistochemical staining was positive for actin, desmin, estrogen receptor (ER) & progesterone receptor (PR) and negative for alphainhibin and S-100 protein (). The final histological examination revealed the subserosal uterine leiomyoma measuring 8 × 6 × 3.5 cm in size.\nThe postoperative course was uneventful and the patient was discharged 6 days after operation. After the operation, the symptoms of urinary incontinence disappeared and she was well with no evidence of recurrent retroperitoneal leiomyoma for 3 years.