We report the case of a 73-year-old male with bilateral THAs performed simultaneously at a different institution in 1995 using Biomet Bi-Metric stem and Ringloc cup through a posterior approach. Preoperatively, the patient had debilitating bilateral hip pain (right worse than left), and the patient reported shortening of his right leg compared to his left. The surgery was performed without complications, and the patient reported no problems with his THAs for two years with the exception that his right leg was shorter than his left. One year after surgery, the patient had a good Harris Hip Score of 87. Two years after his bilateral THAs, the patient reports developing a draining sinus tract of his left thigh () and bilateral periprosthetic infections which were not confirmed with aspiration. The patient did not want to have a revision surgery and was placed on chronic AST which was managed without the aide of infectious disease or identification of the microorganism. The patient had no risk factors for PJI.\nIn 2004, the patient was first seen in clinic and reported doing well with no hip pain but had some decreased hip range of motion and noted to have Brooker III/IV heterotopic ossification around both hips on X-ray (). He denied any systemic symptoms but was still having some drainage from the sinus of his left thigh. He was encouraged to continue his antibiotics, which at the time was amoxicillin.\nBy his next visit in 2005, the patient had started to wean himself off his amoxicillin as there had not been any drainage from his sinus tract in several months. A discussion took place with the patient in which it was explained to him that there were risks associated with discontinuing his antibiotics and that they had been beneficial in suppressing the patient's hip infection to that point in time. The patient expressed understanding and said he would continue to monitor his symptoms but was going to continue to wean himself off the antibiotics and would be sure to follow up if there were any complications.\nThe patient returned in 2015 as he wanted an update about his hip replacements. During this visit, the patient stated he did not have any pain in his hips and has had no drainage from his thigh in the previous 8 years. He has not had any fevers, chills, or systemic signs of infection. His only complaint was reduced range of motion in his hips. On physical exam, the patient had a healed up and dry sinus tract opening over the anterior aspect of his proximal left thigh, no tenderness to palpation over his hips, and no fluctuance or erythema. He had 10° of internal rotation, 15° of external rotation, and 40–50° of hip flexion bilaterally with no pain with log roll. Plain radiographs showed well-fixed bilateral total hip replacements. On the contralateral right side, there was evidence of some eccentric wear of the polyethylene liner and only minimal wear on the left side. There was no evidence of periosteal reaction, osteolysis, or cloacal openings seen anywhere along the left proximal femur. There was continued presence of Brooker III/IV heterotopic ossification around both hips without subsidence of his left hip compared to his X-rays in 2014 (). Now, twelve years after stopping AST therapy, the patient continues to have no signs of infection or loosening or wear in his hip and reports a good Harris Hip Score of 84.