We report the case of an 85-year-old healthy Caucasian man suffering from severe neck pain and headache for years with aggravation and a change in pain character since 2 months. On presentation at our department, he described his symptoms as constant boring pain not being altered by activity or rest whereas increasing at night and in the early morning. Physical exam showed a painful and restricted cervical spine motion. No sensory and motor deficits in the upper limbs were noted. General physical examination and laboratory investigations were normal. Past medical history revealed a heart attack 28 years ago and a 40 pack-year history of cigarette smoking. No regular medications were taken. He presented recent X-ray pictures showing a multi-level degeneration of cervical spine and 7-months-old MRI images showing cervical disc protrusion C4 to C7 and neuroforaminal stenosis with compression of the C6 nerve root considered to be the reason for his pain. As conservative treatment was ineffective, performance of spondylodesis and spinal decompression C5 - C7 was advised.\nA neurological examination and a closer look at the patient's detailed pain history revealed that the abovementioned complaints could not be completely explained by the spinal stenosis. Therefore, new MRI scan was requested. An osteolysis of the odontoid process highly suspicious for metastasis was seen. CT scan of the cervical spine confirmed no compromise of odontoid process stability so that a pathologic fracture of the vertebra with possible severe consequences for the patient was not expected. Complete tumor staging with abdominal and thoracic CT scans and skeleton scintigraphy was performed. A coin lesion suspicious of bronchial carcinoma in the right lung and further pancreatic and adrenal lesions consistent with metastases were discovered. Further bony metastases could not be revealed. The histological examination of the tissue obtained in bronchoscopy displayed dense infiltrates of a large cell undifferentiated carcinoma in the right upper pulmonary lobe. Following the decision of the interdisciplinary tumor board, the patient was treated with palliative radiochemotherapy. This alleviated the patient's neck pain and headache. He was discharged from hospital on his request and died 14 weeks later in a hospice.