A 38-year-old Caucasian Greek man presented to our emergency department complaining of a three-month history of intermittent abdominal pain and frequent episodes of diarrhea. He had a history of a previous admission in another surgical department four months earlier for BAT after a road traffic accident. At that time he underwent an abdominal ultrasound, which showed no intraperitoneal fluid or solid organ injury, and he was admitted for observation. We also recovered from his discharge note that, during the first 48 hours of his hospitalization, a progressive decrease in the hematocrit value from 41% to 28% was noted. An abdominal CT scan at that time showed a small amount of fluid in the rectovesical pouch with no solid organ abnormalities and a large hematoma in the subcutaneous fat tissue on both lumbar areas. He was hemodynamically stable and he had a transfusion with one unit of packed red blood cells and three units of fresh frozen plasma. He improved rapidly with conservative treatment and was discharged on the fifth day, asymptomatic. One month later he started to have episodes of vague abdominal pains and frequent episodes of diarrhea after meals. Our patient also mentioned that during that four-month period he had lost 10 kg in weight. Due to his fear of the resulting diarrhea, he had cut down on eating.\nOn our patient's current admission he complained of a colicky pain at the periumbilical region for the last 24 hours and two episodes of vomiting. On physical examination his abdomen was mildly distended with a diffuse tenderness on the hypogastrium. There was no rebound or guarding and palpation did not reveal any abdominal masses. His bowel sounds were increased. His blood tests were unremarkable. Plain abdominal X-rays revealed a dilated small bowel loop consistent with intestinal obstruction. He was initially treated with intravenous fluid replacement and nasogastric tube but his symptoms did not resolved. An enhanced-abdominal CT scan showed a small bowel loop with a thickened wall and narrow lumen with proximal bowel dilation. There was also increased density of the adjacent mesenteric fat (Figure ). Bearing in mind the episodes of diarrhea as well as the loss of weight, we included Crohn's disease in our differential diagnosis. Further investigation with colonoscopy and a barium enema did not reveal any pathology. In view of his continuing symptoms and the radiological evidence of a small bowel obstruction, a laparoscopic exploration was carried out. Due to multiple adhesions though, we had to convert our plan to a laparotomy. During the operation we found a thickened segment of ileum in his pelvis adherent to his bladder and the apex of the sigmoid loop. There was a stricture in his ileum at this point, and an ileosigmoid fistula was present (Figure ). The abnormal ileal loop was mobilized from his bladder and the sigmoid and resected, with restoration of intestinal continuity by primary side-to-side ileoileal anastomosis. The sigmoid fistula point was closed with seromucosal sutures. Histological examination of the resected specimen showed a mixed acute and chronic inflammatory process with hypertrophy of the muscularis externa. There was no evidence of Crohn's disease or malignancy. Our patient had an uneventful recovery and was discharged from hospital nine days later. At follow-up eight months later, he was symptom free and had regained weight.