An 18-year-old morbidly obese male with no reported past medical history presented to the emergency room after a high-speed motor vehicle collision (MVA). He had been positioned in the middle of the backseat and was ejected from the vehicle. The injury was reported to have occurred 1 hour prior to presentation at the hospital. Field responders had placed the patient on a backboard and placed a cervical collar. He was resuscitated with intravenous fluids during transport. No manipulation of the extremities was completed prior to arrival. Upon arrival to the emergency room, he was intubated and sedated for airway protection due to low Glasgow Coma Scale. He had sustained facial lacerations and closed head trauma. CT of the abdomen and pelvis was obtained showing a dislocated left hip, with the femoral head displaced into the intrapelvic space compressing the urethra (Figures and ). There was a small bony fragment noted, representing a minor acetabulum fracture, but no evidence of proximal femur fracture. He presented in critical condition due to subdural hemorrhage and was taken emergently to the operating room for a craniotomy performed by the neurosurgical team. Due to the acuity of his head injury, no other imaging of the orthopedic injuries was obtained prior to transfer to the operating room. He was already in the operating suite after completion of the craniotomy when the orthopedic team was able to evaluate the patient. Physical exam demonstrated gross deformity of bilateral lower extremities as both legs were externally rotated and shortened. On the right thigh, there was crepitus at the distal femur suggesting a distal femur fracture. Fluoroscopic imaging was obtained intraoperatively, confirming a right distal femur fracture and left hip dislocation. After receiving clearance from the trauma surgery and neurosurgery teams for further intervention on the patient at that time, the decision was made for emergent closed reduction of the left hip under general anesthesia given the intrapelvic dislocation of the femoral head in this young patient. Given the significant displacement of the femoral head, it was discussed that open reduction may be necessary, likely via a medial approach to the hip. Given the critical condition of the patient, closed reduction was preferred, if possible. The orthopedic surgery team began the closed reduction procedure approximately 3 hours and 30 minutes after presentation to the hospital and therefore approximately 4 hours and 30 minutes after injury.\nFluoroscopy was used to aid in the closed reduction. The primary surgeon began by applying gentle traction in line with the position of the left lower extremity. Due to his massive body habitus, more forceful traction was required, and a sheet was placed across his body at the level of iliac crests with an assistant pulling countertraction. Initial attempts at closed reduction using typical reduction techniques were ineffective given the position of the dislocated femoral head within the pelvis. After several minutes of traction, fluoroscopy revealed that the femoral head was still significantly displaced medially into the patient's intrapelvic region. At this time, additional countertraction, via another sheet, was placed around the left thigh and a laterally applied force was administered by another surgeon while the primary surgeon continued to apply longitudinal traction. Based off of the presumed injury pattern of hyperabduction in a frog leg position from being thrown forward into the front seats, hyperabduction and flexion combined with longitudinal traction were utilized to slowly mobilize the dislocation outside of the pelvis. Internal rotation was also used to manipulate the femoral head inferior to the ischium followed by external rotation to move the head out of the true pelvis. After significant time and effort, fluoroscopic images demonstrated that the hip was out of the pelvis and had effectively been converted to a more commonly encountered posterior dislocation. At this point, hyperabduction was no longer necessary. Instead, longitudinal traction, hip flexion, and external rotation were utilized until an audible clunk was appreciated, and a fluoroscopic image confirmed reduction of the left femoral head (). Provisional treatment of the right distal femur fracture was then administered via skeletal traction to the right lower extremity through a tibial pin. The total operating time for the closed reduction as well as traction pin in the contralateral femur was approximately 1 hour and 15 minutes.\nAt this point, surgeons from other specialties took over care in the ongoing management of this polytraumatized patient and the urological surgery team was consulted to evaluate and manage any potential urethral injury from the dislocation. Placement of Foley in the trauma bay had been unsuccessful. After reduction of the hip, the urology team was able to place a Foley catheter without difficulty with return of normal-appearing urine without any evidence of hematuria. Given the ease of placement and benign appearance of the urine, no further imaging of the urinary tract was recommended by the urology service. The Foley catheter was removed later during hospitalization without complication.\nThe patient was admitted to the surgical intensive care unit after leaving the operating room. Postoperative radiographs and CT scan showed reduction of the left hip (Figures –). An 8 mm bony fragment from the acetabulum was again noted, which was presumed to represent an avulsion fracture from the ligamentum teres, but the scan demonstrated concentric reduction of the femoral head and no evidence of femoral fracture. Three days after presentation, the patient was weaned from sedating medications and extubated. His right lower extremity remained in skeletal traction until definitive treatment could be completed in the form of retrograde intramedullary nailing of the femur on hospital day 4, which was completed without complication. His mental status continued to improve, and he began to work with physical and occupational therapists during his admission. He was made weight bearing as tolerated on the right lower extremity but kept nonweight bearing on the left lower extremity. The patient was discharged to an acute inpatient rehab facility on hospital day 21.\nAt a follow-up visit to the orthopedic surgery clinic 9 weeks after injury, the patient reported occasional pain to the left hip and lower back after extended sitting in the wheelchair. He had continued in physical therapy as an outpatient and had been ambulating with a walker. His mental status had improved as he was now not only alert and oriented but also conversant throughout the exam. Physical exam demonstrated left hip range of motion of 0-60 degrees flexion (0-90 degrees flexion contralateral side) and 4/5 strength with hip flexion (4/5 strength hip flexion contralateral side). Distally, he was able to actively dorsiflex and plantarflex the ankle as well as flex and extend the great toe with 5/5 motor strength throughout bilateral lower extremities. Sensation was intact to light touch in superficial peroneal, deep peroneal, sural, saphenous, and plantar nerve distributions. He had 2+ dorsalis pedis and posterior tibial artery pulses. His gait was antalgic with a walker with decreased stance phase on the left leg. Radiographs showed concentric left hip with some irregularity noted in the femoral head concerning for osteonecrosis without femoral head collapse, as well as heterotopic ossification in surrounding soft tissues (). At this point, he was made weight bearing as tolerated on the left lower extremity and continued in outpatient physical therapy.\nThe patient returned to follow-up in clinic 4.5 months after injury. At that time, he reported no left hip pain at rest. He had continued in physical therapy on an outpatient basis. Physical exam was notable for improved strength with hip flexion of 5/5 in bilateral lower extremities but otherwise was unchanged from prior exam. An AP pelvis X-ray was obtained which showed maturation of the heterotopic ossification adjacent to the left hip (). Again noted was some irregularity in the femoral head but no evidence of femoral head collapse. An MRI of the pelvis was obtained 7 months postinjury, demonstrating focal areas of hypointensity on T1 images within the femoral head and inferior neck consistent with osteonecrosis, without evidence of femoral head collapse (Figures and ). Metal artifact from the right femur implant limited the ability of the MRI to evaluate the soft tissues in detail.