A 34-year-old woman who was working as an international migrant worker sustained a crush and degloving injury to the right elbow while operating a waste agitator at an industrial waste management site. On initial examination, the patient was found to have massive skin and soft tissue defects on the anterior aspect of the elbow. The median nerve and brachial artery were exposed and contaminated (). In addition, the proximal part of the entire extensor muscle group was lost, along with segmental loss of the radial nerve with a 6-cm gap. The patient could not extend the right wrist or fingers, and severe muscle weakness (0 or 1 on manual muscle testing) was found in the area innervated by the median and ulnar nerves. The distal area of the right arm showed signs of perfusion, albeit weaker than that in the contralateral arm. The wound was irrigated and debrided, but a bacterial infection was detected after a few days and threatened to obstruct the brachial artery further. The patient was returned to the operating room for additional debridement, a saphenous vein bypass graft to reperfuse the occluded artery and placement of a muscle flap to close the open wound using the distal part of the extensor muscles, which were not salvageable due to the proximal muscle injury and the radial nerve defect.\nThe infection resolved following those surgical procedures. Six months later, the ulnar collateral artery was found to perfuse distally due to occlusion of the saphenous vein graft. Muscle strengths in the area innervated by the median and ulnar nerves improved to 2 or 3 on the manual muscle test, but there were no signs of recovery in the extensor muscles (). Protective sensation was confirmed in the area innervated by the median and ulnar nerves. Reconstruction of the finger extension with stabilization of the wrist were planned. The tendons of extensor carpi radialis and the tendon of abductor pollicis longus were secured to the radius under 30° of dorsiflexion at the wrist and 10° of radial abduction of the thumb, respectively. The tendon of extensor pollicis longus was transferred to the palmaris longus. Due to insufficient muscle strength, other flexors of the forearm could not be used for tendon transfer. Latissimus dorsi was generally harvested according to the conventional method. To avoid overstretching of the muscle, its resting length was marked by placing sutures in the muscle belly at 5-cm intervals. The origins from the thoracic spinous processes and the thoracolumbar fascia were divided. Caudally, the dissection was continued down to the gluteal fascia across the iliac crest, producing a latissimus dorsi flap that was 50 cm long (). A 14 × 7-cm skin paddle on the muscle belly was applied to the posterior aspect of the upper arm. The fascial end of the flap was introduced subcutaneously to the dorsal forearm, where it was tightly sutured to the tendinous portion of extensor digitorum, with 15° of flexion at the metacarpophalangeal joints (MPJ) under 90° of flexion at the elbow (). On the day after surgery, the skin paddle was noted to have a congested appearance, which resolved when the stitches around the skin paddle were unfastened. Neither torsion of the pedicle nor vasospasm was confirmed in visual exploration. Otherwise, the post-operative course was uneventful. The arm was immobilized in a long arm splint with mild shoulder abduction and the elbow flexed at 90° for 4 weeks; during this time and following period, the patient performed thumb and finger exercises with wearing an outrigger splint (). The patient needed to return to her country of origin 3 months after the reconstruction surgery. At the last visit to our institute, natural dorsiflexion of the wrist was maintained, and active thumb and finger flexion was workable (>70° of flexion at the MPJ), where muscle strengths were >3 on the manual muscle test and grip strength rose from 0 preoperatively to 1.2 kgf. These could contribute to improve grasp and several activities of daily living (). Although active muscle contraction was detected in the transferred latissimus dorsi muscle on ultrasound, active finger extension had not yet been confirmed. At 1.5 years after the surgery, the patient answered a questionnaire about the current hand function. She was able to grasp things used in daily life and to extend fingers up as far as approximately 30° of flexion at the MPJ.