A 75-year-old female patient reported to our maxillofacial surgical services with the chief complaint of intra-oral painless growth since one and half year. She also had a complaint of difficulty in closing the mouth since past 2-3 months.\nThe patient was relatively asymptomatic one and half year back, then the patient started noticing small painless growth inside the oral cavity in the right mandibular alveolar region, and growth gradually started increasing in size. Few months later she also started having fetid odor from the oral cavity. Because of large size of the growth the patient started having difficult in closing the mouth completely and inability to chew the food. The patient had a history of exfoliation of mandibular teeth and few maxillary teeth due to extensive mobility. During the dental education camp held in patient's village, the patient turned up for consultation. The patient was then referred to outpatient department of maxillofacial surgery at Sardar Patel Institute of Dental and Medical Sciences, Lucknow. Past history and medical history did not reveal any relevant information. She was taking no medication and had no history of known drug allergy. Her general physical examination revealed no abnormality other than those related to the chief complaint except for moderate visual and hearing impairment.\nOn examination growth was slightly visible when the patient protruded the tongue. The patient was unable to close the mouth completely due to size of the lesion []. On intra-oral examination smooth surfaced, and lobulated growth of approximately 5 × 4 × 2 cm in size was present covering the alveolar ridge from the midline to molar region on completely edentulous alveolar ridge. Growth was pedunculated and was freely movable over peduncle which was present on the alveolar ridge of the premolar region. Surface of growth was smooth and showing normal color in certain areas whereas superior surface of the growth in certain area was covered by yellowish plaque like material. Growth was partially divided into two large lobules covering both buccal and lingual vestibules []. Mild indentation of maxillary teeth was observed on the superior surface of the growth. On palpation, growth was nontender, nonfluctuant, hard and fibrous in consistency without tendency for excessive bleeding upon probing under topical anesthesia. While the mandibular ridge was completely edentulous, the maxillary arch showed the presence of supra eruption of maxillary teeth from first molar to first molar on both sides. All maxillary teeth were periodontally compromised and showed grade 3 mobility. Tongue movements were unrestricted. There was no evidence of submandibular lymphadenopathy or paresthesia/anesthesia in the region of inferior alveolar nerve.\nProvisional diagnosis of benign irritational hyperplasia/fibroma was made. Supra-eruption and the presence of sharp edges of maxillary teeth were considered responsible for providing low grade chronic irritation required for development o growths.\nOn radiographical examination of the mandibular ridge a moderate resorption of the alveolar ridge was observed which was biconcave in shape, which might be suggestive resorption due to pressure from the growing lesion. The presence of small root piece of about 3–4 mm was seen in the right mandibular posterior region [].\nSince the lesion was though unusual in size but having pedunculated base, treatment plan comprising of excisional biopsy of the growth and total teeth extraction was formulated and explained to the patient and her relatives and written and informed consent was procured. Routine hematological examination was advised and values were found to be within normal limits. An excisional biopsy was performed under local anesthesia [xylocaine 2% with adrenaline 1:200000]. After securing local anesthesia, growth was gently lifted to make the peduncle visible from both buccal and lingual. A sharp bone touching elliptical incision was made around the peduncle and on the alveolar ridge. With the help of periosteal elevator it was lifted along with the underlying periosteum from the bone surface and removed. Hemostasis was achieved and single layer closure was performed with the help of 3–0 silk suture. Excised specimen was preserved and sent to Dept. of oral and maxillofacial pathology for histopathological examination which confirmed it as Pyogenic granuloma [Figures and ]. The patient revisited after 7 days for suture removal []. The patient is currently under follow up without any signs of the recurrence of a lesion. The time of the total follow up till date is 1 year.