A 50-year-old woman with an extensive medical history including spina bifida and hydrocephalus with placement of VA shunt and subsequent VP shunt due to VA shunt failure, both in her early 20s, presented with worsening shortness of breath for several years. An echocardiogram revealed normal left and right ventricular size, and systolic function however showed severe pulmonic valve insufficiency secondary to a migrated VA shunt catheter into the pulmonary artery [Figure and ]. Color Doppler and continuous wave Doppler assessment was consistent with severe pulmonic insufficiency with large regurgitant jet size and broadwidth (vena contracta jet width to transpulmonary annulus ratio 64%) as well as a dense jet on continuous wave Doppler with greatly increased pulmonic systolic flow compared to systemic flow by pulsed wave Doppler [Figure and ]. She underwent an exercise stress echocardiogram to assess her functional capacity but was only able to tolerate 3 min of exercise on a standard Bruce protocol, achieving 4.6 METS with a peak heart rate of 210 bpm (124% of the maximum predicted heart rate) limited by exertional dyspnea. The stress echocardiogram was nondiagnostic for the detection of ischemia due to submaximal workload achieved; however, no segmental wall motion abnormalities were seen. Pulmonary artery systolic pressure increased from 27 to 58 mmHg with exercise. She previously presented to the hospital with chest pain after outpatient pharmacologic stress myocardial perfusion imaging test that revealed moderate ischemia and scarring of the apical anterior and apical walls. She had coronary angiography, which did not reveal obstructive coronary artery disease but identified the migrated VA shunt catheter into the pulmonary artery []. Computed tomography scan of the chest with contrast was performed to rule out pulmonary embolism and further evaluate the migrated shunt catheter, which was negative for pulmonary embolism, and the retained catheter was noted to be coiling in the main pulmonary artery []. A multidisciplinary team discussion was held, and removal of this entrenched indwelling catheter through endovascular approach was considered to be too risky. She subsequently underwent open surgical intracardiac catheter removal and repair of the pulmonary artery with a bovine pericardial patch. The majority of the catheter was easily retrieved; however, there were areas that were embedded into the right ventricle myocardial wall as well as the superior vena cava []. The portion of the catheter adherent to the right ventricle wall was carefully excised; however, the adhesion to the superior vena cava was extensive and was therefore that portion was left in place. The pulmonic valve appeared to be well functioning, and it was deemed not necessary to proceed with pulmonic valve replacement. An echocardiogram obtained 2 months after the surgery showed improvement of pulmonic insufficiency, and the shunt catheter was no longer visualized. At 6-month follow-up, the patient reported significant improvement in her symptom.