A 35-year old adult, high school educated, married male, tailor by occupation, of lower socio economic status presented to the psychiatry outpatient department of University College of Medical Sciences and Guru Teg Bahadur Hospital, a tertiary care center in the capital city of Delhi. He was referred from the medical department for complaints of increased water intake with two episodes of abnormal movements. Abnormal movements were characterized by sudden tightening of limbs and jaws with jerky movements with urinary incontinence and loss of consciousness one month prior to the visit. Patient was evaluated and found to have low serum sodium levels. The jerky movements were attributed to hyponatremia induced seizure due to increased water intake. On elicitation of history from patient, his wife and his brother who accompanied him, reported that patient was apparently functioning well until 2 to 3 years ago when he had an episode of fever following which he started reporting complaints of weakness and anxiety. He reported that he was advised by the doctor to drink fluids, following which he initially started taking increased amounts of water per day and gradually the intake was raised to about 10 liters / day. He started feeling thirsty while talking or after micturition and there was a need to drink water after every five to ten minutes and also, after whenever he passed urine. He reported that he would feel anxious and irritable if he was unable to get water or if family would stop him from taking water. His appetite had decreased and he had suffered loss of weight over the period of 2 years and had thoughts preoccupied with water intake. He would always keep a 2 liter bottle of water with him. He also lost interest in work and stopped going to work, citing weakness and fatigability all through the day as the reason for absenteeism from work. There was no history of sadness of mood or any other depressive symptoms. No psychotic symptoms could be elicited and no other obsessive thoughts, images or impulses or any other compulsive behavior was present. No history of any organic cause was found. History of smoking was present but he was abstinent for the past 2 years. Past and family history was insignificant. No significant medical history was obtained. Premorbid personality was of an extrovert, cheerful, conscientious, religious adult. He was treated with paroxetine 12.5 mg which he had taken for a few days but had reported no improvement in water drinking and had probably increased the risk of low sodium levels leading to seizure. On Mental Status Examination, patient was conscious, oriented, asthenic built, cooperative, had a 2 liter bottle of water which was half filled (he reported to have finished about 3 liters before the visit in about 4 to 5 hours), and he was taking regular sips from the bottle after almost every few sentences, reporting inability to stop drinking water even when asked to, complaining of feeling thirsty as he spoke, psychomotor activity and speech was normal, preoccupations with drinking water, he appeared anxious with no perceptual abnormality. Differential diagnoses included Syndrome of Inappropriate Anti Diuretic Hormone (SIADH), diabetes insipidus, hyperthyroidism, and excess cortisol and psychogenic polydipsia were considered.\nPatient’s complete hemogram, thyroid function tests, liver function and renal function tests (except serum sodium), blood sugar, urine routine, CT scan brain were found to be normal. Values of serum sodium were low when he was evaluated at the time of seizure. Mild hepatomegaly and bilaterally mildly enlarged kidney were seen on ultrasound of abdomen. Sodium osmolarity was 145 mosm/kg, urine osmolarity was 285mosm/kg. Cortisol levels were normal. No diurnal body weight gain was noted. These findings rule out the possibility of organic causes and the patient was managed on the lines of psychogenic polydipsia (R63.1 according to ICD-10).\nPatient was on treatment initially with vasopressin receptor antagonist (tolvaptan) 30 mg in divided doses which was tapered off after sodium levels were stabilized by the physician. He was started on olanzapine 2.5 mg and clonazepam 0.5 mg for antianxiety effects. Behavior therapy for compulsive water drinking was planned with the patient and brother as co therapist. He was advised to keep a log diary of intake and output for fluids. He was advised to reduce his water intake by keeping a watch on his input/output chart. Family as well as the patient was psycho-educated regarding effects of increased water intake and the need to restrict water intake. This helped family members to stop him from drinking excess fluids even when he would become irritable if restricted. In a span of 6 weeks follow up, he showed remarkable improvement in his water drinking, reduced from 10 liters approx. to 5 liters / day as seen by input/output charting made by the patient and supervised by his family members. His anxiety levels were also reduced and he was motivated and started to go to work. He reported feeling better and motivated for treatment with further reduction in water intake. Patient was advised to gradually stop olanzapine and clonazepam and to continue with behavior therapy (Fig).