A 21-year-old Greek Caucasian female rowing athlete was injured on both thighs during field training. She had to train in sprint as part of her field training program. Upon acceleration, she experienced severe pain on both thighs and fell down. She continued to suffer from severe pain on the anterior surface of her thighs and tenderness with any attempt of movement. She was also unable to stand up and walk. Her trainer observed swelling and loss of function immediately after the trauma and he tried to control the pain with compression dressing and ice packs while they were in the field. She was later brought to our clinic by an ambulance.\nOn physical examination, an oedema was found on the anterior surface of her thighs. The pain was continuous and aggravated on palpation of the quadriceps muscle and any knee movement. There was no gap in quadriceps continuity. Her active and passive knee flexion and extension were restricted and painful. She was not able to perform an isometric quadriceps contraction with her knee in full extension. The active knee's range of movement was 40° for the right and 55° for the left. The passive range of movement was the same because of the pain. We checked the pulse of her periphery arteries with a Doppler ultrasound machine and we found it normal. After the physical examination a roentgenogram was performed. The roentgenogram result was negative for fracture and the patella was not displaced.\nUltrasonography revealed haematoma formation on both her rectus femoris muscles, and magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) was then performed to estimate the size of the haematomas and to evaluate the surrounding soft tissues (Figure , Figure , Figure ). The diameters of the left and right haematomas within the muscles were 6 cm and 5 cm, respectively.\nBased on physical and MRI examinations the strains were classified as second grade or moderate. We examined the athlete to exclude the occurrence of compartment syndrome and we checked her coagulation profile by blood laboratory examination. We did not find any bleeding diathesis. She did not report any connective tissue disorder in her family and any use of anabolic steroids. Our patient was treated conservatively.\nThe treatment included compression bandage, ice application, and rest and elevation for the first 48 hours. Muscle relaxant drugs were administered for 1 week in maximum doses. We administered non-steroidal anti-inflamatory drugs (NSAID) on the 5th day to reduce the pain and to avoid the development of myositis ossificans. Afterwards, we applied isometric exercises and active stretching of the muscle within our patient's pain limits. She was instructed to perform active, pain-free quadriceps stretching 15 times a day and pain-free isometric quadriceps strengthening exercises. Two days later she started to walk using crutches.\nOn the 7th day our patient started stretching exercises, and she was able to walk without crutches. The active and the passive ranges of movement of her knees were bilaterally the same. The active range of movement was 110° and the passive was 120°. The three phases of treatment were rest, knee mobilization, and restoration of quadriceps function. The goals included pain-free knee flexion and extension and rapid, unrestricted return to her full athletic activities.\nSix weeks later MRI result was normal and she had regained a full pain-free range of movement (Figure , Figure ). She started training and two weeks later returned to her old sport activities and competitions. No recurrence of symptoms was observed during the follow-up examination. A follow-up radiographic examination was performed on the third and sixth month after the injury to exclude the development of myositis ossificans.