A 62-year-old female presented for evaluation of recurrent left lower extremity swelling. Her medical history was notable for prior deep vein thrombus in the right distal lower extremity while on hormone replacement therapy (HRT). She denied the active use of HRT and tobacco use during this admission. Venous Doppler ultrasound completed in the emergency room revealed extensive thrombosis of the left lower extremity extending superiorly towards the left common iliac vein. Further imaging with ultrasound revealed compression of the left iliac vein by the right iliac artery as well as a significantly elevated reflux time of the left great saphenous vein (14.2 seconds) suggestive of MTS. The patient was taken to the operating suite and during the procedure the common iliac vein appeared normal distally, but more proximally the vein was narrowed significantly to a diameter of less than 2 mm. Prior to entering the inferior vena cava, the common iliac vein normalized. Using intravenous ultrasound, measurements were taken and a 14 x 60 mm Luminexx stent was deployed at the area of stenosis. The stent was noted to have migrated upward into the inferior vena cava and a buttressing of this stent with a 16 x 40 mm Wallstent was placed to ensure adequate apposition. Unfortunately, this caused further migration upward into the IVC and a 14 mm Atlas balloon was used to help secure the migrated IVC stent. The area of stenosis was no longer stented given this migration. Therefore, stenting of the left common iliac vein stenosis was ultimately achieved with a 14 x 80 mm Luminexx stent (). The patient was started on warfarin with heparin bridging postoperatively. Early ambulation and the routine use of elastic stockings were encouraged following the procedure. The following day the patient complained of severe abdominal pain and an abdominal x-ray revealed only two stents located in the abdomen (). A chest x-ray was obtained and revealed the initial 14 x 60 mm Luminexx stent projecting over the right atrium (). She underwent open-heart surgery for stent retrieval and had a postoperative course complicated by atrial fibrillation and recurrent left sided lower extremity DVT managed with catheter directed thrombolysis. Hypercoagulable work-up revealed homozygosity of the Factor V Leiden gene mutation. One week after discharge, she developed hypotension and lightheadedness. She presented to the emergency department and was found to have pericardial tamponade requiring blood transfusion, pericardiocentesis, and pericardial window. Anticoagulation treatment was stopped during hospital stay and not resumed upon discharge.\nThree weeks later, she had a syncopal episode secondary to a massive pulmonary embolus (PE). Imaging also revealed residual DVT in bilateral lower extremities. She underwent thrombolysis with tissue plasminogen activator and subsequently developed a thoracic hematoma. Given the residual clot burden in the bilateral lower extremity, she underwent IVC filter placement and mechanical thrombectomy. No additional stents were placed. Throughout the hospitalization the patient required multiple blood products after developing a hematoma related to recent thoracic surgery. The patient was eventually stabilized and given the Factor V Leiden mutation and life-threatening PE, she was started on rivaroxaban indefinitely. Since these events, she has been followed closely as an outpatient with no known hospitalizations related to bleeding or thrombosis. At 5-year follow-up, the patient reports that she is doing well. She is not experiencing any complications related to rivaroxaban. She does have residual postthrombotic syndrome (CEAP class 3, Villalta Score 8) well managed with daily compression stockings.