A 60-year-old Caucasian female patient presented with a painless swelling in the soft palate, breathing and swallowing difficulties, and suffocation feeling. Clinical examination revealed that the lesion was located mostly in the right side, extending from the limit between the hard and soft palate and continuing to the oropharynx. The lesion had smooth surface, hard consistency, and irregular shape (). Cervical tomography was requested (Figures and ). Based on clinical and imaging aspects, a hypothesis of benign X malignant salivary gland tumor was formulated. An incisional biopsy was performed under local anesthesia to establish the definitive diagnosis. However, the histopathological examination of the fragment revealed normal mucosa (). The professionals decided to perform a second conventional biopsy giving attention to collecting material from a greater depth. Once again, the histopathological analysis revealed normal mucosa ().\nThe otorhinolaryngologist team was consulted and the decision was made to perform a CNB. The localization of the lesion was identified during the intraoral exam with no need of imaging guidance (). In CNB a needle is activated by an automatic spring system equipped with outer cannula and inner stylet. Under local anesthesia using 1% lidocaine the biopsy area was chosen with palpation of the lump and the tip of the needle was positioned adjacently to the lesion. The handpiece was activated, moving quickly 20 mm back and forth, cutting a sample measuring 17 mm in length. Only one core of tissue was obtained and carefully removed from the biopsy needle. The quality of the specimen was assessed by visual inspection and, with care not to damage the thin tissue, it was put into 10% formalin for fixation. The biopsy site was compressed for five minutes to avoid bleeding and the patient was observed for more 30 minutes and later discharged as no signs or symptoms as bleeding or pain were noted. The histopathological analysis of the sample revealed pleomorphic adenoma (Figures and ).\nThe patient was referred to the head and neck service for complete resection of the tumor. The specimen was sent to the pathology service and the histopathological analysis confirmed the diagnosis established with CNB (). No complications occurred in the postoperative period and no signs of recurrence were found at the 12-month follow-up ().