A 33-year-old female patient presented at the emergency room with epigastric pain, nausea, and vomiting that had persisted for a day. The patient had a history of child birth eight months prior, and had proximal deep vein thrombosis (DVT) on the left common femoral vein during the 36th week of pregnancy. An inferior vena cava (IVC) filter had been inserted instead of anticoagulation due to the high risk of bleeding during pregnancy. Anticoagulation therapy was administered immediately after the birth of her child. Removal of the IVC filter was recommended one month after insertion, but the patient refused for personal reasons. On arriving at the emergency room, her vital signs were stable and the laboratory examination did not show abnormalities other than mild leukocytosis. The patient's prothrombin time international normalized ratio value at the emergency room was 1.31 due to irregular intake of warfarin. A computed tomography (CT) scan revealed that one of the IVC filter legs had penetrated the IVC wall and caused a duodenal perforation (). There was no evidence of thrombi in the lower IVC. An endoscopy was performed to evaluate the severity of duodenal injury. A protruding IVC filter leg was observed in the lumen of the third portion of the duodenum (). In addition, the duodenum mucous membrane on the opposite side showed erythema, erosion, and nodular changes, resembling chronically progressing penetration.\nAn emergency laparotomy was performed in order to remove the IVC filter and to repair the duodenum. Because there were concerns regarding the possible IVC rupture during surgery, a cannula was placed in the superior vena cava to provide extracorporeal circulation when needed. Also, the femoral artery and femoral vein were isolated for cannulation. The portions of the IVC and the duodenum, including the penetrations, were isolated behind the colon. When the duodenum was lifted up, we found the IVC filter leg between the IVC and the duodenum. We then cut the IVC filter leg and removed the IVC filter leg remnant from the duodenum portion. The duodenal perforation was repaired directly. The IVC was found to be densely adhered to the surrounding tissue including the aorta, and fixed to the adjacent structures. We concluded that isolation and removal of the IVC filter leg remnant in the IVC were more dangerous due to the risk of rupture. The remaining leg protruding from the IVC side to the duodenum was cutoff and removed ().\nAfter the surgery, ileus occurred and the patient started to eat by mouth after 14 days. The patient was discharged on the 20th postoperative day without any complications. The patient returned to work and is currently under follow-up observation.