A 30 year old male presented at the Surgery OPD with chief complaint of discharging wound in the upper part of the abdomen for 1 month. The problem started 6 months back when he underwent an emergency exploratory laparotomy at another medical college for 3 days old abdominal pain. A small peptic perforation was detected and was repaired with an omental patch. On fourth post-operative day the patient developed burst abdomen. It was managed conservatively. Over a period of time the bowel got contained and the patient was put on oral nutrition. The patient was discharged was doing fine at home. However his abdominal wound was not healing. In the fourth month it was covered with the split thickness skin graft. The procedure and the post-operative period was uneventful till one month. However in the fifth month a serous discharge from the upper part of the grafted surface was noticed. It was coming from a small ulcer and was small in amount. Over a the period of time till he presented at our OPD it remained small in output. It was managed by applying gauge pieces over the wound which has to be changed once or sometimes two to three times a day.\nThe examination of the abdomen revealed a 12 cm × 5 cm elliptical patch of skin graft over the middle of the abdomen. There was a small depressed ulcer of around 1 cm × 1 cm in its upper part covered with pale granulation showing serous ooze. Apart from this ulcer there were few other spots showing exuberant pale granulation (). A scar was seen at previous drain site. Palpation of the abdomen showed deficient abdominal wall below the skin graft.\nThe blood reports were all but normal. Haemoglobin was 11.4 gm/dl with total WBC count as 11.6 × 103/mm3. The total serum protein was 7.9 gm/dl with serum albumin as 3.5 gm/dl. A left subphrenic collection of size 8 cm × 7 cm was seen on the ultrasound. With a suspicion of some missed pathology at previous surgery site an upper GI endoscopy was performed. A small benign looking ulcer was seen at the pylorus of the stomach.\nWith a strong suspicion of gastrocutaneous fistula, a CT fistulogram was performed. An enterocutaneous fistula between the pylorus of the stomach and the anterior abdominal wall was seen. A long side branch of the fistula tract was seen communicating to a moderate sized left subphrenic collection ().\nWith confirmed diagnosis of complex gastrocutaneous fistula a repeat surgery was planned. The abdomen was entered after incising the previous scar on left lateral side and extending the incision downwards and upwards. Dense interbowel adhesions were encountered. Meticulous adhesiolysis and dissection was performed. The abscess cavity was drained and the perforation on the pylorus of the stomach was identified. It was around 1 cm × 1 cm size. Repeat omental patch repair was performed. In view of difficult dissection, feeding jejunostomy and retrograde tube duodenostomy were also made.\nAn uneventful recovery happened. He attended follow up clinic till 4 months following the discharge. There was an incisional hernia but otherwise he was doing fine. After this he was lost to follow up.\nTimeline