We present a case of a 42-year-old female who was found to have an incidental renal mass, which, on histological examination of the excised specimen, was revealed to be a clear cell papillary carcinoma, a relatively uncommon variant of renal cell carcinoma. The patient is a 42-year-old female who presented to her local medical officer with a two-week history of neck pain and radicular like pains extending into her right arm. A CT scan of her cervical spine revealed multilevel intervertebral disc and facet joint degenerative change resulting in neural exit foraminal narrowing. She was noted to have raised inflammatory markers (WCC 27.5, neutrophils 24.8, and CRP 319) and S. aureus was isolated on a blood culture. She was commenced on IV antibiotics; however her symptoms failed to improve and she subsequently developed significant lower back pain for which a CT of her lumbar spine was arranged. This revealed no convincing evidence of a lumbar spine infective process; however a 47 × 31 mm solid upper pole mass with an irregular periphery and internal calcification was identified in the left kidney, suspicious for a renal cell carcinoma.\nThe renal mass was further characterized with a triple phase abdominal CT scan and this confirmed a 4 × 4.9 × 4.5 cm heterogenous mass in the upper pole of the left kidney. There was no evidence of left renal vein involvement nor was any radiologically significant lymphadenopathy seen. Her films were reviewed and the decision was made to biopsy the left renal mass to establish whether the lesion was neoplastic or inflammatory. A core biopsy of the left kidney was reported as a Fuhrman grade 1, clear cell renal cell carcinoma (). She was then booked for an elective laparoscopic left radical nephrectomy. She underwent this procedure without complication and had an uneventful postoperative course subsequently being discharged home on day four.\nMacroscopic examination of the surgical specimen revealed a tumor in the mid portion of the kidney located superior to the renal hilum measuring 48 mm × 40 mm × 46 mm. The tumour was well circumscribed and bulged anteriorly into but not through the renal capsule. The cut surface was variegated cream, light brown, yellow, and dark brown with no areas of necrosis. Focal calcification was seen. Microscopic examination revealed the tumour to consist of uniform cells with clear cytoplasm and low nuclear grade arranged in tubules with small cysts and papillary structures. A single cell layer was seen in these formations. The component cells showed prominent subnuclear cytoplasmic clearing. There were areas of stromal sclerosis with fresh and old haemorrhage, cholesterol crystals, and haemosiderin laden macrophages. Dystrophic calcification was seen in the areas of sclerotic stroma. There were no psammoma bodies. Bundles of smooth muscle were present in the tumour capsule and within the tumour, in areas surrounding the tubular and acinar structures. The tumor cells were strongly positive for CK7 and CK19 and negative for CD10 and racemase. This pattern of staining is in keeping with a clear cell papillary carcinoma rather than a conventional clear cell renal cell carcinoma or papillary cell carcinoma.