A 50-year-old female presented with history of sudden onset weakness of right upper and lower limb for 1 day with deviation of angle of mouth to the left side. There was no history of headache, vomiting, seizures, or previous history of stroke or transient ischemic attacks. Also there was no history of chest pain, palpitations, or any cardiac disease. She is not a diabetic or hypertensive and there was no other comorbid illness. Her general examination revealed a pulse rate of 180/ min, regular, low volume, and blood pressure of 130/80 mmHg. The central nervous system examination showed normal higher mental functions, right upper motor neuron facial nerve palsy, and muscle power of 3/5 in upper limbs, 2/5 in lower in lower limbs with right extensor plantar response. The examination of other systems was normal. The laboratory investigations revealed normal liver and renal function tests. The serum calcium, magnesium, and potassium levels were normal. The serum troponin T and creatine phosphokinase levels were normal. The CT brain revealed left middle cerebral artery territory infarct measuring around 2×3 cm.\nOur patient presented to the emergency medical services department within 8 h of acute stroke. Her ECG showed regular narrow QRS complex long RP tachycardia at a rate of 186 beats per minute (bpm) with inverted p waves in lead III []. She had a normal study on echocardiography without structural changes or thrombus. On intravenous injection of 6 mg of adenosine, the patient transiently developed complete atrioventricular block but the atrial rate was persisting at the same 186 bpm with regular p waves separated by isoelectric baseline [] which reverted back to AT within a minute []. A diagnosis of atrial tachycardia was made and she was started on verapamil 40 mg three times daily orally. Following one dose of verapamil she developed sinus bradycardia (50 bpm). So verapamil was withheld and she was monitored in intensive care unit. In the following 1 week, she did not had any other episode of arrhythmia. Considering her elderly age, she was advised to undergo electrophysiological study to know whether she has any substrate for inducible arrhythmia but she did not consent for that. The ECG took before discharge showed normal sinus rhythm (64 bpm), with occasional premature atrial complex. One month later, she came for follow up and she did not report any palpitation and her ECG was in normal sinus rhythm with rate of 68 bpm.