A 44-year-old woman presented to the accident and emergency department with acute right knee pain. While dancing the quick-step (an energetic and form-intensive style) she externally rotated about a planted right foot and felt an acute pain in her right knee with her patella shifting laterally. On arrival at hospital her right leg was locked in full extension and she was in severe pain. The patient had no history of previous knee trauma, prior dislocations, or joint hypermobility. She has no other past medical history to suggest any cause for dislocation of the patella. In particular she had no history of paediatric lower limb alignment problems that would predispose her to a dislocated patella. On inspection of the limb there was a deformity of her right patella indicative of a rare patellar dislocation (Figures and ). The patella appeared rotated on its vertical axis and the skin over the knee joint was tented. It was fixed in position. There was a mild joint effusion and no joint line tenderness. Her range of motion at the right knee was significantly reduced with any flexion from full extension causing the patient significant pain. She was able to straight leg raise on examination indicating that her extensor mechanism was intact. The limb was otherwise neurovascularly intact. The examination of the contralateral limb was entirely normal.\nThe AP radiograph revealed a laterally dislocated patella. The lateral radiograph showed an abnormal appearance with the rotated patella impacted in the intercondylar notch of the femur (Figures and ). In the accident and emergency department one unsuccessful attempt at closed reduction was made under procedural sedation with propofol and fentanyl. The knee joint was fully extended and an attempt was made to manipulate the patella to rotate it back to its normal orientation.\nUnder a general anaesthetic with muscle relaxant the patella was successfully relocated using a closed technique. The articular surface was facing anterior laterally and it was wedged in the intercondylar notch and impacted into the lateral femoral condyle.\nKnowledge of the direction of the articular aspect was vital to the reduction method. With the patient fully muscle relaxed the knee was partially flexed to 30 degrees. Pressure was applied to the medial aspect of the articular surface of the patella that was impacted in the notch. With gentle pressure anteriorly and medially this was pushed up to clear the notch. Once free the natural tension of the extensor mechanism spontaneously reduced the patella. There was no bony injury evident on image intensifier in theatre. The knee was examined under anaesthetic. There was no evidence of any ligamentous injury. There was a normal patellar glide test in assessing for medial and lateral retinaculum damage. The orthopaedic team then conducted an immediate arthroscopy under the same general anaesthetic to check for any osteochondral damage, loose bodies, or soft tissue damage. The arthroscopy findings were of a mild haemarthrosis and mild fibrillation of the lateral trochlear cartilage and lateral patella. There was no gross osteochondral defect and no loose bodies. The medial retinaculum was assessed arthroscopically and was intact. The patient was discharged that day with straight leg immobilisation and orthopaedic followup. Two weeks following her injury she was reviewed in orthopaedic clinic with normal function in her knee. The patient will be followed up at 6 months following the injury. The injury was managed acutely and had normal arthroscopic findings; therefore further investigation with MRI was not felt to be warranted.