A 54-year-old female patient presented to the emergency room with features of intestinal obstruction. She was constipated with evident weight loss over a period of 3 months. She was evaluated by an x-ray abdomen that revealed multiple air fluid levels and the CT – Scan of the abdomen revealed a circumferential growth involving the sigmoid colon with impending perforation and small loculated collections reaching to the superior border of urinary bladder and uterus extending to the lateral abdominal wall suggesting micro abscesses. Gastroscopy performed was normal and the colonoscopy was inconclusive due to narrowing proximal to the sigmoid colon ( and ).\nThe patient underwent exploratory laparotomy and sigmoid colectomy subsequently. The findings were an exophytic sigmoid colon tumor proliferating extraluminally with small bowel adhesions. Tumor was adherent to the lateral pelvic abdominal wall with a subcutaneous abscess pocket. Tumor perforation in sigmoid colon was noted with minimal contamination. Tumor was found infiltrating the lateral wall of uterus. No ascites, lymphadenopathy or free peritoneal/omental deposits were noted.\nThe histopathology report of the patient suggested a moderately differentiated keratinizing squamous cell carcinoma with a single sclerosed lymph node suggesting tumor metastasis with foreign body giant cell reaction ().\nThe patient underwent extensive evaluation by gynecology and urology departments to identify a possible primary source of malignancy in the urogenital tract. Their evaluations were negative. The patient did not have any skin lesions or ulcers suggesting skin primary as the source.\nThe patient recovered well from the surgery with parental nutrition support. She was ambulatory and was given oral feeds on 7th postoperative day. Subsequent CT Scan of the abdomen suggested a small fluid collection at the site of surgical anastomosis with few air pockets suggesting abscess formation/leakage. There was concomitant ascites, pleural effusion and a liver lesion noted too in the CT scan. Wound infection was treated with regular dressings initially and later vacuum dressing was applied. After improvement in health, enteral nutrition and wound, the patient was discharged for follow up in 2 weeks. The patient unfortunately passed away at her home and the information was revealed to the surgical team by the patient’s relatives.