We report the case of a 41-year-old woman with a history of presumed spinocerebellar ataxia who presented with right heart failure from an invasive mediastinal mass with near complete occlusion of her pulmonary arteries.\nShe was in her usual state of health until first presenting to the emergency department in February 2017 with bilateral lower extremity edema and progressive dyspnea on exertion. She was found to have an amorphous, invasive superior left mediastinal mass involving the main and left pulmonary arteries with occlusion of the left pulmonary arterial tree and severe narrowing of the right pulmonary artery (). At that time, she was noted to have moderate cardiomegaly with right heart enlargement and findings of elevated right heart pressures as well as several scattered, small nonspecific pulmonary nodules. Subsequent PET scan showed marked fluorodeoxyglucose (FDG) avidity of the anterior mediastinal mass. She underwent intravascular biopsy with interventional radiology during that first admission, and an arteriogram revealed a severely stenosed but still-patent right main pulmonary artery with no filling of the left main pulmonary artery. She was discharged with subspecialist follow-up pending biopsy results. However, initial pathology revealed only thrombus material and a minute fragment of unremarkable intima. The patient was unable to tolerate the scheduled cardiac MRI for repeat biopsy planning and was lost to follow-up until representing to thoracic surgery clinic in May 2017 after a progressive decline. At that visit, she was directly admitted for immediate further evaluation given the extent of her mass.\nOn admission in May 2017, her right heart function had declined considerably with echocardiogram notable for a severely dilated right atrium and severely dilated right ventricle with the interatrial septum bowing to the left, suggestive of right heart failure. She underwent a second biopsy via bronchoscopy; however, pathology was again nondiagnostic and notable only for fragments of fibrous tissue with a mixed inflammatory infiltrate. She then underwent a third biopsy via repeat intravascular approach that was also nondiagnostic despite seemingly adequate yield and notable only for vessel wall fragments with myxoid degeneration and few small crushed cells, favoring an inflammatory infiltrate. Although there was suspicion for sarcoma or lymphoma, the radiation oncology and medical oncology teams opted to defer empiric treatment until a definitive diagnosis was made. The cardiac surgery team felt that a biopsy via anterior chest wall window was too high risk due to the orientation of the mass. Due to the significant risk of impending hemodynamic instability from her mass, she underwent pulmonary artery stenting with the interventional radiology team, who felt that they would be able to safely stent the right pulmonary artery but could not intervene on the totally occluded left pulmonary artery. Her gradients improved immediately after stenting, and she tolerated the procedure without complication (Figures and ).\nA fourth biopsy taken at the time of stenting ultimately revealed fibrous tissue with lymphohistiocytic and plasma cell infiltrate with positive staining for S100, CD68, and CD163, negative staining for CD1a and Factor XIIIa, and emperipolesis, consistent with extranodal Rosai–Dorfman disease (). In order to rule out other disease processes, pathologic analysis revealed no significant increase in IgG4+ plasma cells and no evidence of bacteria, acid fast, or fungal organisms on Gram, Fite, AFB, Grocott, and PAS stains. Importantly, she was evaluated by the genetics team, who determined it was unlikely that her development of RDD was at all related to her presumed diagnosis of spinocerebellar atrophy.