A 65-year-old male, without any comorbidities presented to us with complaints of weakness in all four limbs and bladder involvement for the past 18 months following a fall in the bathroom. The patient was diagnosed as degenerative cervical spondylotic myelopathy with OPLL and was associated with central cord syndrome. Initially after fall, he was suggested surgical treatment but he choose to go with conservative treatment. Even after one year of conservative treatment in the form of rehabilitation programme with gait training, balance exercises and proper counseling against fall prevention, patient had negligible improvement. After one year of injury, the patient was operated at another centre wherein anterior C5 cervical corpectomy with mesh cage, bone grafting, and anterior cervical plating was done.\nAfter surgery, although neurological status of the patient remained the same but was otherwise doing well, only to return after 1.5 months of primary surgery with mild neck pain which was insidious in onset, non-progressive in nature, aggravated by activity and relieved with rest with no diurnal variation and no associated systemic symptoms. An radiograph of the cervical spine done within three days of neck pain showed loosening and back out of upper screws of the anterior cervical plate (). A total of 2.5 months after the primary surgery, there was sudden onset difficulty in swallowing, more for solid foods with associated pain in the throat. There was no history suggestive of trauma, fever, respiratory difficulty, local swelling or wound discharge. The symptoms progressed for the next 2 to 3 days after which dysphagia resolved. However, odynophagia persisted to some extent and gradually resolved in the next 2-3 weeks. Repeat radiograph of the cervical spine immediately after throat pain showed that one of the proximal screws was missing along with completely backed out plate (). The patient was immediately immobilized with rigid cervical collar and was instructed to avoid gross neck movements to restrict further backing out of screws.\nA careful search for the missing screw was done by chest radiograph and CT chest where it was not found, followed by abdominal radiograph () and CT abdomen () which finally revealed the screw in the abdomen.\nUpper GI endoscopy was done to look for status of the upper GI tract. As screw had reached the colon and showed gradual movement on serial abdominal radiographs, we waited for its spontaneous expulsion with feces but it showed no significant movement over next 10 days and remained stuck to a single place on right side of colon which warranted colonoscopic removal to avoid perforation of the colon. On colonoscopic examination and screw removal, there was an evident erosion of superficial mucosa without any perforation of colon.\nAfter screw removal from colon, patient was planned for plate removal in view of possible irritation to surrounding structures including esophagus and additional posterior stabilization to maintain alignment of cervical spine. Anteriorly via Smith Robinson approach, the plate and screws were removed. As initial surgery was done on the left side with right sided screw migrating down the colon, we preferred the right side approach for repeat surgery so that pharyngeophageal perforation could be better examined from the right side. While removing, it was found that distal screws were holding well and bone strength seemed good. Pharynx showed healing perforation while the proximal portion of esophagus was also examined properly and could not find any erosion or perforation. Mesh cage was found snugly fit with fusion taking place between C4-C6. Posterior surgery was done by Bohlman’s interspinous wiring. Postoperatively patient was rehabilitated. Presently, patient is self-voiding, independent walker with the help of a stick and able to carry most of his activities of daily living. Patient was evaluated using JOA score (Japanese Orthopaedic Association Score) with Pre-operative score of 8/17 which improved to 13/17 at final follow-up of 1.5 years.