A 78-year-old male was admitted with acute ischemic stroke in the territory of the left middle cerebral artery, which was treated with venous thrombolysis. Investigation showed critical stenosis of the left ICA and 50%–69% stenosis of the right ICA on Doppler ultrasound (DUS). Angiography showed occlusion of the right ICA with reperfusion on vasa vasorum and 90% stenosis of the left ICA. The patient underwent angioplasty with stent placement in the left ICA 14 days after the episode of acute ischemic stroke []. Both the anesthetic and endovascular procedures were uneventful; the patient progressed without complaints and was discharged 2 days after the intervention. Because the patient was afebrile, and there was no active infectious focus, antibiotic prophylaxis was not given. The patient presented to the emergency department 20 days after treatment with fever. He complained of pain in the left cervical region, and a DUS of the carotid arteries was then performed, which showed only mild intimal hyperplasia within the stent.\nBlood culture showed vancomycin-sensitive Staphylococcus aureus and the association of several septic teeth in the oral cavity, suggestive of Ludwig's angina. Antibiotic therapy was started, but the patient progressed with worsening pain in the left cervical region and formation of a subcutaneous collection with local edema. A second control DUS showed fluid in the muscle planes around the stent graft, and nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) confirmed the findings of infection at the stent site. A second cerebral angiography showed only minor irregularities at the stent site with mild intimal hyperplasia [].\nThe patient remained hospitalized for 3 weeks on ceftazidime and vancomycin therapy. The clinical course was stable, with a slight improvement of the cervical edema. A second cervical NMR was performed because of an increase in the cervical collection, which showed a giant pseudoaneurysm of the treated artery, a finding confirmed by angiography []. The case was discussed with the vascular surgery team, and because of contralateral ICA occlusion, bypass surgery for stent resection was not considered a good option, and neither was endovascular occlusion of the diseased carotid artery. Therefore, as an alternative, treatment with the placement of the Casper stent (MicroVention, CA) was suggested. This is a dual-layer braided metal stent with micro-mesh that provides greater coverage of the arterial wall. Its use was intended to achieve arterial wall reconstruction by the flow-diverting effect of the device. The course of the procedure was uneventful. Immediate results showed contrast retention within the pseudoaneurysm. Ten days later, a control angiography revealed a reduction in the pseudoaneurysm flow and volume []. However, 1 week later, a worsening of his general condition was observed, with a decreased level of consciousness, arterial hypotension, tachycardia, and tachypnea. Septicemia was diagnosed, leading to cardiac arrest and death.