An 80-year-old woman was referred to our clinic with a history of chronic abdominal pain and weight loss of 10 kilograms in the past six months. The patient was postmenopausal for 30 years and had a free medical history. Physical examination revealed no tenderness, but a hard and mobile mass palpable in the right iliac fossa. Further investigation by means of transvaginal ultrasound revealed a cystic formation, sized 83 × 65 × 64 mm in the right adnexal area. The mass was of mixed structure, comprising of solid and cystic areas. The wall was smooth and anechoic on ultrasound imaging. No papillary projections or septations were identified and there were no signs of blood flow during the color Doppler evaluation. The left ovary was illustrated measuring 25 × 13 × 11 mm, but the right ovary could not be visualized (Figures and ). A polyp of the endometrium was also recorded, with total endometrial thickness of 8 mm. No free fluid was seen in the Douglas pouch. However, it was inconclusive whether the mass originated from the right adnexa or it concerned a uterine necrotic leiomyoma that protruded towards the adnexa. Because of the indeterminate ultrasound findings, an abdominal CT scan was carried out which identified a cyst sized 100 × 80 mm with signs of peripheral calcification attributed to a lesion of the right ovary (Figures and ). As a routine investigation, when an ovarian tumor is suspected, our patient underwent colonoscopy, during which a benign polyp of the sigmoid colon was excised; also a submucosal round smooth cystic formation of one cm in diameter at the site of the appendix was identified. Tumor markers were within normal limits, with the exception of carcinoembryonic antigen (CEA: 54, 2 ng/mL).\nThe patient underwent laparotomy with the diagnosis of a pelvic mass, in which a cystic tumor originating from the appendix, sized 80 × 90 mm, was identified, whereas the uterus and ovaries were atrophic. The abdominal viscera were covered with surgical pad gauzes to protect from spillage of the cyst contents. However, several intestinal loops adhered to the cyst, and despite meticulous dissection, the cystic mass ruptured intraoperatively. Frozen section was performed, which revealed malignant mucinous neoplasm. Appendectomy, omentectomy, total abdominal hysterectomy, and bilateral salpingooophorectomy were performed, in collaboration with the General Surgery Team of the hospital. The histopathologic examination of the surgical specimen revealed a low-grade appendiceal mucinous neoplasm with focal invasion of the muscle layer (Stage I-T2N0M0, WHO Classification 2010), without desmoplastic reaction. The patient had an uneventful recovery and was discharged from the hospital one week later. Soon afterwards she underwent six cycles of chemotherapy and up to present, 12 months after surgery, she remains in good health.