A 57-year-old woman attended for routine mammography screening. She was recalled because her screening mammograms revealed three separate lesions in her right breast and one in the left. At clinical examination, there were only two vaguely palpable masses in the upper outer quadrant of her right breast and one in the upper outer quadrant of her left breast. Overlying skin was normal and no regional lymph nodes were palpable.\nMammography of the left breast revealed a 15-mm lesion in the upper outer quadrant and on core biopsy it was shown to be a grade I invasive ductal carcinoma which was oestrogen and progesterone receptor positive. On the right side, the first mass, an area of about 13-mm of micro calcification, was situated in the upper outer quadrant at the 10'o clock position, and on core biopsy was confirmed as a grade I invasive ductal carcinoma, also both oestrogen and progesterone receptor positive. The second mass was at the 11'o clock position and the third was in the lower inner quadrant and these latter two lesions on core biopsy showed lymphoma-like features but not breast carcinoma. The core biopsies were therefore sent for expert opinion but this supplementary report was also not conclusive. Therefore, diagnostic excision biopsy was recommended. In the meantime, staging computerised tomography of her chest and abdomen was performed and was found to be normal. Treatment options were then openly discussed with the patient and her family and she opted for a right mastectomy and axillary node clearance and wide local excision and axillary node sampling on the left. She felt this would be easier than a combination of therapeutic local excision of the cancers and diagnostic needle localisation of the other masses in the right breast.\nDefinitive histopathology supplemented by immunohistochemistry was compatible with marginal zone B-cell lymphoma of right breast and involving the lymph nodes of both axillae (Figure , ). In addition, it also confirmed in the right breast an 8 mm, grade I invasive ductal carcinoma (Figure ) with intermediate grade ductal carcinoma in situ and a 12 mm grade I invasive ductal carcinoma on the left side. There was no lymphatic spread of breast cancer into either axilla. Her breast cancers were treated by radiotherapy to her conserved left breast and adjuvant hormonal therapy. The patient was referred by the breast team to the specialist lymphoma team but they did not recommend any further treatment for the Nodal marginal zone B-cell lymphoma as it was indolent tumour and they deemed it had been adequately treated by the surgery alone. She has follow up in six monthly intervals.