Our patient was a 32-year-old gravida III para II Amhara woman who came from a rural area of North West Ethiopia. Her first delivery was an uncomplicated spontaneous vaginal delivery at home at the age of 22 years. Her second delivery was a spontaneous vaginal delivery in a health center 4 years later with early neonatal death for unknown reasons. She was seen by a health professional only once during the current pregnancy, when she experienced progressive abdominal pain 4 months prior to her delivery. She was assessed in a health center and referred to a regional hospital where she underwent an ultrasound scan and was reassured. She presented to the University of Gondar Teaching Hospital with the principal complaint of shortness of breath with associated progressive abdominal distension and pain. Her last menstrual period was unknown but she reported 9 months of amenorrhea.\nOn general examination, she looked emaciated and was slightly pale. Her vital signs were within normal limits. Her cardiovascular and respiratory system did not reveal any abnormalities. On abdominal examination her symphysis fundal height was term sized, with longitudinal lie and breech presentation. The fetal heart rate was 132 beats per minute and there were no uterine contractions. On vaginal examination the cervix was closed and uneffaced. There was no vaginal bleeding. On ultrasonography examination, there was a singleton live pregnancy with excessive amniotic fluid. The placenta appeared to be attached to the serosal surface of the fundus of her uterus and her uterus was empty. The gestational age was 40 weeks by ultrasound estimation. Her preoperative hematocrit was 34%. An emergency laparotomy was performed with the impression of abdominal pregnancy. Upon opening her abdomen and entering the peritoneum, the fetus was seen in an intact amniotic sac and there was no hemoperitoneum (Fig. ).\nOn opening the amniotic sac a live female neonate was delivered weighing 2.6kg. The uterus was ruptured at the fundus and the placenta was extensively adhered to the edge of the ruptured site, the serosal surface of the uterus and to the peritoneum and had infiltrated through the myometrium (Fig. ).\nHer fallopian tubes, ovaries and other abdominal organs were normal. The amniotic sac was attached to her bowels and her anterior abdominal wall and this was removed intraoperatively with no abdominal organ damage. There was significant bleeding after the placenta was detached from her uterus which prompted total abdominal hysterectomy to secure hemostasis and to remove the ruptured uterus. Total estimated intraoperative blood loss was 2L. She was transfused with two units of whole blood intraoperatively and postoperatively and her post-transfusion hematocrit was 27% (Fig. ).\nHer uterus was subjected for histopathology and sections from the infiltrated uterine wall show normal-sized chorionic villi, fibrin and decidual stroma. The patient and neonate progressed well and were discharged.